<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>part0063</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../page_styles.css"/>
</head>
  <body class="class4">
<div id="a6FJ" class="class_s7"><div class="class_s8"><div class="class_sa"><div id="page_421" class="class_s9y"><div class="class_s9y1"><p class="class_s9w">Chapter 58</p></div></div></div><h1 class="heading_sa">World-Tier Preparation</h1></div></div>
<p class="class_s8a"><span class="class_sa1">J</span>ake becoming the World Leader? Where the hell did that come from? Yeah, definitely not something many people would have predicted, but that was the best course of action—not only in the eyes of Jake, but also the Sword Saint and Miranda. Even the King had agreed it would be the best choice, and it was not a decision that had been made halfheartedly.</p>
<p class="class_s2">The problem was that Earth had turned out to be rather special, whether they liked it or not. It was the planet that had likely spawned the most talents of the entire 93<span class="class_s6ge">rd</span> Universe, instantly making it an object of interest even to powerful beings of the multiverse. Beings who would want to come and study or maybe even seize the planet to try and figure out why.</p>
<p class="class_s2">Special planets were nothing new in the multiverse. Besides Great Planets, which were just so massive they went against any logic, there were planets that were effectively massive natural treasures. Some just had a bigger chance to spawn natural treasures, others had many natural formations on them that led to unique things, and others still simply had some undetectable concept that seemed to make all those who came from there more talented.</p>
<p class="class_s2">One such example was the planet Valdemar originated from. It was only a bit larger than the current Earth but constantly gave rise to new S-grade talents, with no one truly being able to explain why. The leading theory was that it all boiled down to Records. With it being the planet Valdemar originated from, it only made sense that those who also grew <span id="page_422"></span>up there would get some innate Records just for being from the same place.</p>
<p class="class_s2">If this theory was true, then Earth was already in a similar situation. Jake, the Sword Saint, Sandy, Caleb, Carmen, Eron, Sylphie, Arnold, Jacob, Casper… There were so many notable figures from their planet. That alone would leave echoes and influence the future of their little rock floating through space.</p>
<p class="class_s2">It wasn’t necessarily even that Jake wanted to be World Leader, just that there truly was no other choice. In the short term, sure, it would be fine no matter who was picked, but not in the long term.</p>
<p class="class_s2">That was one place where Arthur had been right. He had recognized that the long term mattered, and Valhal was a good choice of ally due to their track record. What they wanted from Earth was to use it as a recruitment ground, as they no doubt recognized the uniqueness of the planet. The management and all that was something they would gladly offload to someone else, especially a native who just wanted to nurture and grow the population. This was further reinforced by Arthur being human and Valhal being a primarily human-focused faction due to its roots.</p>
<p class="class_s2">Any actual leader in charge would have to be strong enough to contest with Valhal, the Holy Church, the Risen, or any other faction of the multiverse. It had to be someone who could, at the very least, force them to the table or make them hesitate before making a move. Someone with backing capable of doing all this… which left slim pickings.</p>
<p class="class_s2">The Fallen King? He was a Unique Lifeform. He had no Blessing, and his biggest backing was Jake, making it second-hand backing at best.</p>
<p class="class_s2">Miranda? Same deal. The Witches of the Verdant Lagoon were powerful, but not at the level of being able to intimidate other top factions. Her becoming the leader would also effectively force the planet to be part of the Order of the Malefic Viper, which came with its own restrictions and rules she did not have a position capable of breaking.</p>
<p class="class_s2">The Sword Saint? He didn’t want to, and he also lacked the backing. Not in the sense that Aeon Clok, despite his stupid name, wasn’t someone powerful enough, but due to him not having a faction of any kind. And to be honest, he also only had a Divine Blessing, so no one would actually believe that Aeon himself would descend and intervene for a single planet.</p>
<p class="class_s2">Jacob? Yeah, fuck no. The Holy Church was not an organization that Jake would ever be fine with taking charge of Earth.</p>
<p class="class_s2">They had tried time and time again to find someone better, but time and time again, they went back to Jake being the best. As stupid as it <span id="page_423"></span>sounded, the second-best option would be Sandy due to their True Blessing, but that was a hard sell.</p>
<p class="class_s2">Even if they wanted to elect someone else like the King… it would be hard. Something Miranda made clear right off the bat was that monsters were very unpopular right now after the many beast attacks in recent months. It was only made worse by the lull before the storm that had preceded it, leaving many unprepared and feeling like they had been led behind the light.</p>
<p class="class_s2">They still needed the support of the population, and Jake also still wanted a world where there could be some kind of balance. If someone like Arthur became the leader, it would be one hundred percent human-favored. Jake wanted beasts and monsters to at least have a seat at the table. This led to the second reason why Jake thought him becoming the World Leader was best.</p>
<p class="class_s2">Jake had the ability to tell everyone to fuck off.</p>
<p class="class_s2">Okay, one could argue any leader had this ability, but Jake would be able to do this for one simple reason: He wouldn’t actually need to care about the political issues that could result from that. Why not, one might ask? Because he was the Chosen of the Malefic Viper. Him being the World Leader was not synonymous with him actually leading shit; it was just establishing he was the top dog.</p>
<p class="class_s2">The system had shown a tendency to not force Paths upon others. Jake had been the City Owner of Haven since the day he returned to Earth, and the amount of city leading he had done was just transferring all of the responsibility to Miranda.</p>
<p class="class_s2">Jake would essentially just become the World Owner and outsource any actual leading to Miranda. He would still be there as a backer for following system events… which added the third reason why Jake realized becoming World Leader was potentially a good idea.</p>
<p class="class_s2">System events. Jake liked to have autonomy and decide on things himself, or, at the very least, have some serious power when it came to making decisions. The World Congress so far had led to two important system events, both of which had resulted in titles and a lot of good stuff, and Jake did not want to miss out on that. Villy also thought that becoming World Leader wasn’t that big of an issue and ultimately only beneficial if he wanted to keep Earth as his home.</p>
<p class="class_s2">Again, this wasn’t only Jake’s idea either. Miranda had actually been the first to propose it. Jake’s initial plan had been for her to become World Leader, but she had shut it down and even added some extra things Jake had not even considered<span id="page_424"></span>.</p>
<p class="class_s2">"My entire Path so far, ever since exiting the tutorial, has revolved around you, Jake,” Miranda explained. “I manage the city for you. I got my Blessing because of you. It would not be an understatement to say that everything I am is due to your existence. If I became World Leader, that would be separate from you, and I am not even sure how well that would work for me. I do not doubt that being World Leader will offer a potential C-grade evolution option—one that would likely be unwise to skip over—and I would not pick that, as it would negatively impact me. However, if you become World Leader, we will build upon what we already have, just scaled up from a city to a planet.” The King and Sword Saint both agreed with her assessment.</p>
<p class="class_s2">Jake had also been curious how him becoming World Leader would work for the King, but that wasn’t a problem either. In all honesty, the system had probably expected people who had no interest in actually leading their world to become World Leaders. Jake wasn’t even sure Ell’Hakan had the profession of a World Leader, based on all he had shown. Maybe some offshoot or variant, but it being the vanilla version seemed unlikely.</p>
<p class="class_s2">As for whether it was actually possible to outsource all this leadership, Miranda had already researched it. She had access to the Verdant Lagoon through her dreaming skill and had managed to discuss with people and find some records. This entire thing with Pylons of Civilization was not new, and people knew what World Leaders were capable of. At least in broad strokes. There were always small differences, but the essence was the same.</p>
<p class="class_s2">What she had learned revealed that, indeed, the World Leader did not necessarily lead the world. As one would imagine, then a system where the strongest made actual administrative decisions probably wasn’t the best form of governance, and in previous eras, each World Leader had been able to appoint up to five Ministers who would effectively function as deputy leaders.</p>
<p class="class_s2">It did not take a genius to figure out their plan from there. Miranda had proposed a council of sorts. Five people were an unequal number, meaning they could handle votes themselves, and then there was, of course, Jake, who would still sit at the top and be able to veto stuff.</p>
<p class="class_s2">Jake would pretty much just expand his current method of governance from Haven to the entire planet.</p>
<p class="class_s2">As for who should be on this council? The three people in the room besides Jake were a given, but that still meant they needed two more. This was primarily what their meeting was for, in addition to planning the <span id="page_425"></span>prep work they had to put in during the four or so weeks before the Congress.</p>
<p class="class_s2"><span class="class_s6g">"For the council, the most essential aspect will be the representation of all interests of value,"</span> the King said, getting nods from around the table. <span class="class_s6g">"I would not be able to lead humans, as they distrust me, and many beasts only respect me due to my power. I can represent many of the monsters, yes, but we will need someone else in addition. I asked Sandy about this on the way here, and the Cosmic Genesis Worm has no interest, so someone else will have to do."</span></p>
<p class="class_s2">Jake was a bit surprised the King had even asked Sandy, but considering he hadn’t known the worm for long, who could blame him? As for who else to pick… Jake had no idea. They discussed this, and Jake did get some ideas for the King to maybe look into.</p>
<p class="class_s2">Anyway, to summarize who they wanted on the council: The Fallen King, Sword Saint, Miranda, and some other beast or monster. Finally, there was someone proposed who Jake really did not want to have there. In fact, he had argued many times against it but found himself being shut down at every turn.</p>
<p class="class_s2">"As for the final member, there really is no other option, is there?" Miranda asked, getting a glare from Jake.</p>
<p class="class_s2"><span class="class_s6g">"No, it is the best choice,"</span> the King agreed.</p>
<p class="class_s2">Jake grumbled and sighed. "I am still not convinced."</p>
<p class="class_s2">Who could this final member be, if not the glorious leader of the United Cities Alliance… Arthur.</p>
<p class="class_sk1">Even Primordials could not simply teleport anywhere in the multiverse they wanted. While traveling through the void was faster than anything else, it wasn’t instant, and established teleportation networks simply couldn’t stretch across the distances a god sometimes had to travel. The reason why Vilastromoz had headed out was also simple: He was there to reclaim something that would potentially be useful for what was to come.</p>
<p class="class_s2">He repeatedly teleported, galaxies passing by. He had entered 44<span class="class_s6ge">th</span> Universe several hours ago and was finally approaching his goal. The closer he got, the more well protected the planets became. The more familiar signatures of prominent factions he felt.</p>
<p class="class_s2">The galaxy closest to his goal was nearly overpopulated. Billions of inhabited planets and factions owning entire clusters had grouped there. The Altmar Empire, Automatons, Endless Empire, Valhal, Court of Shadows… No faction that operated on a multiversal scale was missing. Ev<span id="page_426"></span>en enemies such as the Risen and the Holy Church coexisted within a relatively small space. At least, small on a cosmic scale.</p>
<p class="class_s2">As for why all these factions had gathered here? Well, the reason was simple. About fifty billion years ago, a figure had decided to move his Starforge close to there to make use of a natural treasure to power it. A giant star had been born, and the greatest smith of the multiverse had moved to claim it.</p>
<p class="class_s2">The Starseizing Titan, a fellow Primordial.</p>
<p class="class_s2">Vilastromoz saw the figure of his old acquaintance before he even saw this galaxy. He felt the shockwaves of his forge, which sent waves throughout this entire part of the universe. Even the nearby galaxy was far away, as nothing short of a god could even approach the forge when it was in operation. Celestial objects that had once been close were now nothing more than cosmic dust.</p>
<p class="class_s2">One might ask why he saw his old friend before the galaxy, and for that one, the answer was easy… Because he was bigger. Way bigger.</p>
<p class="class_s2">It was well known that one should never disturb the Starseizing Titan, yet these factions had gods stationed in this galaxy with hopes of having the Starseizing Titan assist them. It was similar to how Villy used to be hounded by people wanting him to do alchemy for them before he just started killing them for not going through the proper channels.</p>
<p class="class_s2">This well-known rule of not approaching naturally did not count for everyone, and Vilastromoz took a single step closer.</p>
<p class="class_s2">The towering form of the Starseizing Titan filled his entire field of vision. His body had a bluish hue with countless stars glinting within. Even planets were inside, his body large enough to house entire galaxies. It was a form of such size it was nearly incomprehensible, making his title of being the largest living entity in the multiverse well-earned.</p>
<p class="class_s2">This size was indeed abnormal and the trait he was most known for outside of his smithing talent. One other thing that made the Starseizing special was that he had been a Unique Lifeform before he became a god. His final special trait, though somewhat less known, was not having a divine realm.</p>
<p class="class_s2">He <span class="class_s6g">was</span> his divine realm.</p>
<p class="class_s2">As the Viper got closer, the massive form slowly moved, his actions no faster than that of a regular pre-system human. A massive forge containing millions of stars was in front of him, and in his hand he wielded a black hammer, all of it slowly moving as if he was the personification of the <span id="page_427"></span>cosmos itself.</p>
<p class="class_s2"><span class="class_s6gb">"Vilas,"</span> a voice echoed out through the vast space, the sound alone enough to make nearby planets crumble. <span class="class_s6gb">"It has been… long."</span></p>
<p class="class_s2">Vilastromoz smiled and nodded. "That it has. I hope you are doing well. Based on how you seem to have grown a few times in size since the last time I saw you, I reckon you have?"</p>
<p class="class_s2"><span class="class_s6gb">"The Path is endless,"</span> the Titan answered before taking a long pause. <span class="class_s6gb">"I have been well, yes."</span></p>
<p class="class_s2">"Glad to hear," the Viper said. "Besides greeting an old friend, I assume you know why I am here?"</p>
<p class="class_s2">The Titan regarded him for a few moments before the Viper felt space warp. The entire universe seemed to collapse for a moment, and soon he found himself standing before a figure only about three meters tall. His entire body still looked the same, and in reality, it was the same.</p>
<p class="class_s2"><span class="class_s6g">He has improved,</span> Vilastromoz recognized. What the Starseizing Titan did was not space magic… No, the spatial reaction was simply from him shrinking his form. What the Titan did was far more than that. He condensed his body into a smaller form… losing nothing in the process.</p>
<p class="class_s2">"This is the most delayed a client has ever been," the Starseizing Titan said, his voice far more normal now.</p>
<p class="class_s2">"I was… busy," Vilastromoz excused himself.</p>
<p class="class_s2">"You have nothing to apologize for," the Titan said as he held out his palm. "After I repaired it, every era, I revisited… and improved it. I felt it grow as you did. It is only right it finally returns to its master."</p>
<p class="class_s2">Vilastromoz smiled when it appeared. He felt space slightly shake as it began breaking down, and the Starseizing Titan even took a step back as the staff resonated with its true owner.</p>
<p class="class_s2">"Welcome home, old friend," the Viper spoke as the staff floated over by itself. The staff was simple, looking like a long, black snake stretching out and sleeping, the eyes and mouth both closed.</p>
<p class="class_s2">The eyes of the snake opened when his hand wrapped around the metallic body, and black veins spread throughout the body, emitting a loud hiss that resounded through space.</p>
<p class="class_s2">As a Primordial, was it not only right to have a weapon befitting of one?</p>
<p class="class_s2">A true weapon surpassing even the divine rarity.</p>
</body>
</html>
