<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><html xml:lang="en" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en"><head>
  <title>Chapter 22: Shopping Spree</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../Styles/style0001.css"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../Styles/style0002.css"/>
</head><body>
  <div id="chapter-22" class="element element-bodymatter element-container-single element-type-chapter element-with-heading" role="doc-chapter" epub:type="chapter">
    <div class="heading heading-container-single heading-size-full heading-format-full heading-alignment-flexible heading-without-image">
      <div class="heading-contents">
        <div class="title-subtitle-block title-block-with-element-number">
          <div class="element-number-block">
            <div class="element-number case-mixed"><span class="element-number-term">Chapter</span> <span class="element-number-number">22</span></div>
          </div>
          <div class="title-block">
            <h1 class="element-title case-mixed">Shopping Spree</h1>
          </div>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
    <div class="text" id="chapter-22-text">
      <p class="first first-in-chapter first-full-width first-with-first-letter-t"><span class="first-letter first-letter-t first-letter-without-punctuation">T</span>he World Congress had only lasted about ten hours total, but had without a doubt been a defining moment for the enlightened races of Earth. Most of the powerhouses of the planet had met, and alliances, truces, trade agreements, defensive pacts, or just generally friendly relations had been established between many factions.</p>
      <p class="subsq">To distinguish a &quot;winner,&quot; if one may, would be difficult. While Jake and Haven had gotten all the voting results they wanted and managed to secure both herbs and the Treasure Hunt event, that didn’t mean they had somehow won out over everyone else. They were far from the only ones, as it wasn’t like the Treasure Hunt was unpopular, and ores and metals had been the first option voted in, along with the foodstuffs one.</p>
      <p class="subsq">The only way to truly say there had been a winner was if a World Leader had been selected, but such an option was far off. Perhaps it would happen in a year, or perhaps later than that. Many theorized ways the system would one day enforce that one had to be selected, but that day hadn’t arrived yet.</p>
      <p class="subsq">In the end, it could be said that all of humanity had won out. No wars or conflicts were started, as the World Congress had in general been a pleasant event that only led to a stronger bond between the enlightened races, and everyone came out on top—even the undead who had feared for the worst.</p>
      <p class="implicit-break"></p>
      <p class="first first-in-section first-full-width">Jake, Lillian, Miranda, and Neil appeared back at the good old lodge inside Jake’s valley. They had only been gone for ten hours, but all of them—besides Neil, who actually seemed quite energetic—were exhausted.</p>
      <p class="subsq">It took a lot out of you to always be on your toes, and even if Jake hadn’t been under as much pressure as Lillian and Miranda when it came to discussions, he was still tired. Jake tended to find social interactions, even those he enjoyed, exhausting in the long run. But the most exhausting thing had been the talk with that Kim Eunseo woman—or Kimmie, as she’d told him to call her.</p>
      <p class="subsq">She had told him quite a bit about what she and William had been up to, and while Jake had let her talk and he had listened, he honestly didn’t care very much about that metal mage anymore. Jake didn’t truly know him, as he had only spent a few moments with the guy. He knew the metal mage more as an idea or a concept than a person.</p>
      <p class="subsq">To Jake, he was a representation of his own failures during the tutorial. Nothing less and nothing more. He had been a living reminder that Jake had fucked up and not even tried to help people he honestly did care about—no matter how much he sucked at showing it. In that sense, Jake wouldn’t say he hated William; he hated what he represented. The only real feeling he felt towards him was apathy.</p>
      <p class="subsq">This ultimately led to the question: Would Jake kill him the next time they met? He couldn’t answer that. He did feel a strange mix of puzzlement, doubt, and even humor in how William had apparently been traumatized by Jake smashing him into the ground. But if he would kill him… time would tell.</p>
      <p class="subsq">If Jake were honest, he would prefer to simply never meet the guy again. The psychiatrist had talked about how he was &quot;improving&quot; and moving towards forgiveness, if that was at all possible, but Jake really didn’t feel like he had anything to forgive him for. If anyone truly had a bone to pick with William, it wasn’t Jake… it was Casper, and even more so than that, his girlfriend. William had either been the direct or indirect cause of her death. Jake wasn’t sure which, and he hadn’t been insensitive enough to ask for details.</p>
      <p class="subsq">And one thing was for sure… If Casper decided that little shit needed to be squashed, Jake sure as hell wouldn’t interfere.</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;So… what’s the plan now?&quot; Jake asked, shaking his head to clear some of those annoying thoughts.</p>
      <p class="subsq">What was important now was preparing for the Treasure Hunt, and nothing else.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Both Miranda and Lillian, who stood there like they were in a daze, just looked at him weirdly. Then Miranda suggested, &quot;Check out the System Store?&quot;</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;Oh, shit,&quot; Jake exclaimed. He swiftly opened it, and a store opened up before him.</p>
      <div class="alignment-block alignment-block-align-center">
        <div class="text-block">
        <p class="alignment-block-content alignment-block-content-center"><b>Limited System Store</b></p>
      </div>
      </div>
      <div class="alignment-block alignment-block-align-left inset-block">
        <div class="text-block">
        <p class="alignment-block-content alignment-block-content-left"><b>Categories:</b></p>
        <p class="alignment-block-content alignment-block-content-left"><b>Ore &amp; Metal</b></p>
        <p class="alignment-block-content alignment-block-content-left"><b>Herbs</b></p>
      </div>
      </div>
      <p class="subsq">Jake didn’t need to go any further than that. He opened up the Herbs category and instantly felt a bit… disappointed. He had <i>a lot</i> of Credits just burning in his metaphysical pocket. A<i> lot</i>.</p>
      <div class="alignment-block alignment-block-align-center">
        <div class="text-block">
        <p class="alignment-block-content alignment-block-content-center"><b>Credits available:</b> 133,972,000</p>
      </div>
      </div>
      <p class="subsq">Jake had even spent a good 700,000 on things. Mainly all the weapons he had destroyed, his order of the mushroom-killing poison devices, and a lot of other minor matters he wanted to be done. He was also fully aware that he had overpaid for pretty much everything—at least, he thought so. He had given Miranda 500,000 to buy weapons with, and she had mentioned he still had some money with the city…</p>
      <p class="subsq">Anyway, all of this was to say that Jake was loaded, and he knew he was loaded and wanted to instantly buy out all the best stuff. Yet the best he could find was a scarce few uncommon-rarity herbs, and the rest were common or inferior rarity.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Well, it wasn’t all bad, and Jake instantly jumped in and checked what the store had in stock. Before that, though, he quickly skimmed some rules.</p>
      <div class="alignment-block alignment-block-align-center">
        <div class="text-block">
        <p class="alignment-block-content alignment-block-content-center"><b>The System Store only accepts Credits.</b></p>
      </div>
      </div>
      <div class="alignment-block alignment-block-align-center">
        <div class="text-block">
        <p class="alignment-block-content alignment-block-content-center"><b>The System Store restocks every 3 days.</b></p>
      </div>
      </div>
      <div class="alignment-block alignment-block-align-center">
        <div class="text-block">
        <p class="alignment-block-content alignment-block-content-center"><b>Items put up for sale must have a list price and can be bought by anyone with access to the store.</b></p>
      </div>
      </div>
      <div class="alignment-block alignment-block-align-center">
        <div class="text-block">
        <p class="alignment-block-content alignment-block-content-center"><b>Items bought will appear in your immediate surroundings. (If you have spatial storage, it will appear within there).</b></p>
      </div>
      </div>
      <div class="alignment-block alignment-block-align-center">
        <div class="text-block">
        <p class="alignment-block-content alignment-block-content-center"><b>Items sold directly to the System Store are appraised, and you will be paid immediately based on their estimated worth (determined dynamically, with the current development of Earth taken into account). These items will not become available to others with access to the store.</b></p>
      </div>
      </div>
      <p class="subsq">There were a few other notes, but these were the important ones. The restock thing especially was a relief to Jake due to what he planned on doing next.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Without any hesitation, Jake went into the store and bought half of the common-rarity Red Lavender, Blue Lavender, and Green Lavender. Each portion of lavender only had a cost of 250 Credits, with the inferior-rarity version costing 25. Jake left the inferior-rarity versions alone, as he quite frankly didn’t need them. However, he did see that the inferior-rarity lavender was disappearing rapidly, likely being bought up by all the different cities.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Luckily for them, the system had clearly taken this into account, and there was a near-infinite supply of inferior-rarity lavender. As for the common-rarity stuff, not so much.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Once he bought it—nearly a thousand plants of each version, making him spend nearly a million Credits right away—he felt it instantly appear within his spatial storage, neatly packed in bundles. 10/10 delivery service. He also quickly bought some Evergreen grass to go with the lavender, immediately gaining enough materials for several thousand potion batches.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Jake didn’t hesitate as he dove in and began buying up some more stuff, such as all the Bluebright Mushrooms—which were only about 70 total—and more than half of the uncommon-rarity toxins available. That was more than a million Credits down the drain again. He didn’t really sweat it, though, because he quickly tried to do something else fun.</p>
      <p class="subsq">He took out a potion and willed the system to offer to purchase it.</p>
      <div class="alignment-block alignment-block-align-center">
        <div class="text-block">
        <p class="alignment-block-content alignment-block-content-center"><b>Would you like to sell [Health Potion (Common)] for 6412 Credits?</b></p>
      </div>
      </div>
      <p class="subsq"><i>Well, ain’t that a deal</i>? Jake smiled. It was one of his newest potions, and it was quite potent for sure… but damn, that was some good value. One had to remember that every brewing didn’t result in a single potion but a batch of potions, and at this point, Jake could easily have several potions in every batch.</p>
      <p class="subsq">This meant that Jake could effectively amplify the value of the ingredients by turning them into a potion by about a hundredfold. The only limitation was his own time and boredom. Of course, he had a strong feeling the price would decrease the more he sold—a feeling he tested out.</p>
      <p class="subsq">He had five potions from the same batch, restoring the same amount of health each. He sold the first one and saw it disappear from his hand. He quickly did the same two more times and noticed the price reduce slightly—a change that only intensified each time he sold a potion.</p>
      <div class="alignment-block alignment-block-align-center">
        <div class="text-block">
        <p class="alignment-block-content alignment-block-content-center"><b>Would you like to sell [Health Potion (Common)] for 6331 Credits?</b></p>
      </div>
      </div>
      <p class="subsq">The last one, he would get around 80 less for.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Finally, he took one of the potions and put it up for sale so other cities could buy it. He decided to start high and put it at 15,000 Credits, more than double what the system offered. He didn’t actually think anyone would buy it right away, bu—</p>
      <p class="subsq"><b>Your [Health Potion (Common)] has been sold.</b></p>
      <p class="subsq"><i>Okay, people really like potions</i>, Jake thought, shaking his head in mild disbelief. 15,000 Credits was a<i> lot</i> to normal people… but then again, a potion restoring nearly your entire health pool was close to a second life. Jake sure as hell wouldn’t be where he was today without chugging down what he now realized were millions of Credits’ worth of potions.</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;Would it be fine if I just offloaded a shitload of potions?&quot; Jake asked Miranda, who also stood in a trance going through the store.</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;Sure,&quot; she answered as a weird nugget of metal appeared beside her. &quot;It’s your Credits.&quot; Another weird piece of metal popped into existence, followed by what looked like an old root soon after, and finally another small chunk of ore.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Jake took that approval and rolled with it, putting up all the potions he’d made to prepare for the fight against the Prima as well as most of his old, common-rarity ones. He had already given out the inferior-rarity ones, so he now put up ninety-nine percent of the potions he had left.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Which only left one issue… bottles… Jake was nearly out of—</p>
      <p class="subsq">Just as the thoughts appeared, so did the bottles. Hundreds, no, thousands of small potion and poison bottles appeared on the ground just beside Lillian, who stood there with her neutral expression.</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;I made a deal to have a supply of bottles sold right after returning at a reduced price, and I was waiting to snipe the postings,&quot; she explained, a small smile creeping onto her lips. &quot;You did mention how you needed bottles, and I assume that need is now bigger than ever.&quot;</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;Lillian, you are a goddamn hero!&quot; Jake said, giving her a huge thumbs-up.</p>
      <p class="subsq">She looked a bit embarrassed, making Jake happy he hadn’t jumped to his first choice, which was to give her a big bear hug. Jake was feeling damn good, practically shoveling in crafting material, and even getting a bunch of uncommon ingredients for some poison he had researched.</p>
      <p class="subsq">On a side note, most often you didn’t actually need a specific kind of herb for a recipe; you just needed something that fit the criteria. The lavender archetypes, as an example, were just one kind of herb that innately stored energy especially suited to the resource potions, and they were incredibly easy to grow and numerous—hence, they tended to be the go-to. They were such good herbs because they truly only did that one thing.</p>
      <p class="subsq">So, Jake had needed some more strong poison with powerful necrotic energy to begin making some uncommon-rarity poison in earnest. The super-fungicide had used up far more valuable ingredients than it should have, and it wasn’t something he could mass-produce—far from it.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Apropos the mushroom, Jake also picked up some herbs he hoped to combine with the Lifevines. Maybe even the Lifecore he still had absorbed with Palate of the Malefic Viper, which was actually the source behind knowing what he needed. At least he had a solid general sense of what could be good to combo it with.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Finally, Jake tried to look for something he could mix with the weird time-bananas from his time tree. Because one had to remember that Jake now had a time tree. Well, not a tree, but Jake called it a tree anyway.</p>
      <p class="subsq">However, it turned out that finding compatible herbs for time bananas wasn’t that easy. Who would have thought? Apparently, time bananas that permanently increased Agility weren’t that common… In fact, one could even call them rare… rarity.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Bad jokes aside, Jake spent the next hour or so shopping. All the potions he put up for sale were sold within the first fifteen minutes, making Jake realize he had likely undercharged significantly. But wouldn’t it be kind of an asshole move to overcharge people for what was essentially emergency care? Yeah, overcharging people for stuff like that was some solid asshole behavior.</p>
      <p class="subsq">All of them actually just stood there, likely looking absolutely moronic from an outsider’s point of view. The only thing really happening was items appearing on the ground around Miranda and Lillian once in a while. For Neil and Jake, it just appeared in their spatial storages.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Jake even ended up picking up a few things from the foodstuffs store. They were mostly things he just wanted to experiment with, as they contained types of energies he thought beneficial during a brew. It could totally end up being a dead-end, but who knew?</p>
      <p class="subsq"><i>&quot;So, any interesting news?&quot;</i> a voice echoed in Jake’s head. He smiled as he felt the connection’s full return. Well, it had been intact ever since he left the Congress, but Villy had been nice enough to give him some time to look at menus.</p>
      <p class="subsq"><i>&quot;I’ll tell ya in a bit when the others leave</i>—<i>deal? I wanna ask you some stuff too,&quot;</i> Jake answered. He could have spoken the words out loud, but that would’ve just been weird, as he was surrounded by other people.</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;Lillian, we should head back to the office and call a meeting with the council to discuss these new developments,&quot; Miranda finally said.</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;I’ll tag along; I need to get back with my party,” Neil said. “We got some work to do in the next three months to make sure we’re all ready for the Treasure Hunt and won’t embarrass Haven.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;Right, that will certainly be one of the points of discussion. Identify how many citizens we have that are able to reach D-grade in time, and support them in doing so.&quot; Miranda turned to Jake. &quot;You wanna come along?&quot;</p>
      <p class="subsq">She looked like she already knew the answer and had only asked to be polite. And, well, she did know the answer.</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;Nah, I got some stuff to handle,&quot; Jake said dismissively.</p>
      <p class="subsq">He had just spent ten hours in a Congress surrounded by hundreds of people. No fucking way he was going to <i>another </i>meeting. Besides, he had to wait for the hawks to get back. They tended to spend a lot of time hunting these days, with even Sylphie tagging along.</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;Alright, take care. I’ll come by and inform you later.&quot; Miranda capped this off with a nod, quickly adding, “Tomorrow, that is.&quot;</p>
      <p class="subsq">Giving an affirming nod, Jake watched them all walk out of the valley, leaving him alone as the area’s sole occupant. Alone with himself, his thoughts, and an impatient god he had put on hold.</p>
    </div>
  </div>
</body></html>