<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><html xml:lang="en" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en"><head>
  <title>Intermission 8 - William (2/3)</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../Styles/style0001.css"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../Styles/style0002.css"/>
</head><body>
  <div id="uncategorized-2" class="element element-non-bodymatter element-container-single element-type-none element-with-heading">
    <div class="heading heading-container-single heading-size-full heading-format-full heading-alignment-flexible heading-without-image">
      <div class="heading-contents">
        <div class="title-subtitle-block title-block-without-element-number">
          <div class="element-number-block">
          </div>
          <div class="title-block">
            <h1 class="element-title case-mixed">Intermission 8 - William (2/3)</h1>
          </div>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
    <div class="text" id="uncategorized-2-text">
      <p class="first first-in-chapter first-full-width">A few weeks later, a trio composed of a small girl, a young man, and a woman walked through the streets of the now broken city. The girl ran around far faster than a typical child normally could, showing that her physique would clearly be considered supernatural by pre-system standards.</p>
      <p class="subsq">The teenager was smiling cheekily as he chatted with the woman. That is, until the girl ran up to him holding a small object in her hand. Upon second look, it was clearly a broken dagger handle.</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;Look, look! I found this! Do magic!&quot; she said, proudly presenting the weapon to her mom and the teenager.</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;Woah, nice find. Now watch this,&quot; the young man said as the dagger began floating and spinning in the air.</p>
      <p class="subsq">As with every other time he’d done it, the small girl began giggling while trying to grab hold of the dagger. Her mother stepped in before she could get a chance.</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;Seo, you know you aren’t allowed to play with sharp things,&quot; Kim said, having noticed a few of the sharp edges on the handle.</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;But mooom!&quot; she cried.</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;Ms. Kim is right; only big kids like me are allowed to play with them,&quot; William said as he floated the dagger into his hand and, with a swift motion, made it disappear into himself. &quot;Tada!&quot;</p>
      <p class="subsq">The girl giggled as William returned the smile. It didn’t take long before Seo rushed off again to explore the small city they had just entered.</p>
      <p class="subsq">It had been just over two weeks since they returned to Earth and began their partnership. William had thoroughly enjoyed their time, though they’d had a few awkward conversations about certain emotions. Two days ago, they’d had a particular one he vividly remembered.</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;Are you sure I am not a damn… You know?&quot;</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;William, thinking a child is cute does not make you attracted to them,&quot; Ms. Kim said comfortingly. “It just means that your natural empathy exists. It is a biological trait developed for you to want to defend a child and care for them. Also, you just experienced a phenomenon called ‘cute aggression’ earlier. It is very normal to want to squeeze cute things. I have it too.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;And you are one hundred percent sure?&quot; he asked, shivering a bit at the thought. “A psychopath is one thing, but a goddamn child predator? Yeah, rather just cut off those emotions permanently again if that’s the case.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;Is it not more interesting <i>why</i> you find the thought so abhorrent?&quot;</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;What?&quot; he asked, confused.</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;What logical reason do you have to find the thought of it so terrible? Where does your disgust stem from?&quot;</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;It’s… thinking of someone doing twisted shit to someone like mini-you just seems fucked up. As for why… hmm… It just is? Like, she’s a little kid and all.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;Once more—why, though? You have no remorse or hesitation when killing people, and your brother was even younger. What makes doing ‘that’ with a child more disgusting than murdering that child outright?&quot; She spoke provocatively, and William clearly saw that she was uncomfortable even asking the question.</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;I… It just fucking isn’t cool, alright? Killing is different. You know, like when you go hunting. There is no reason to extend the animals’ suffering more than necessary. Killing is quick, and then it is done. It is an act that has utility. While…<i>that</i>… is just fucked up.” He seriously wanted to change the subject—but she didn’t let him.</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;But what if they take pleasure from it? Like you take pleasure in extending the suffering of your targets? Do you not like to play around with your victims before you end their lives? What makes what you do so different?&quot;</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;Okay, I get it… no killing kids. Sheesh.” He sighed, unable to help looking at Seo running around happily in front of them. <i>Yeah, not like kids have proper levels and give any experience anyway… No reason to.</i></p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;I know this isn’t easy to talk about; I am not particularly fond of it either. But it is important for you to understand why you do things and what kind of emotions push you to do these things. Even before your change, you found playing with your prey fun, from what you told me. It is clear that it stems from your innate desire for power, but why doesn’t this desire extend to all aspects of your life?&quot;</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;Who says it doesn’t?&quot; William answered half-jokingly.</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;Why didn’t you force me to help you instead of offering to create what you yourself identify as a partnership? Why agree to take Seo along and protect her too? You didn’t need to, but you did so anyway. You can’t tell me there were purely utilitarian reasons behind it.&quot;</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;True… I knew I wanted you to help me due to our prior interactions, and when I saw Seo, I didn’t really feel like I had much of a choice but to take the both of you. As for why I wanted a partnership… well, I doubt you could do your job without also having a measure of power in the relationship, and because… well, I respect you, I guess.” He felt a tad embarrassed by his answer. <i>Damn that honesty rule</i>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;I see,&quot; she said after a while. &quot;Thank you.&quot;</p>
      <p class="subsq">He couldn’t help but look at her as she smiled at him. Her hair had long since been washed and was now the long, silky hair he remembered. She no longer had torn clothes, but a robe he had “acquired” from someone he made sure didn’t need it anymore.</p>
      <p class="subsq">It was a good memory, despite only being two days old—and despite the rather harrowing conversation before it, that is.</p>
      <p class="subsq">One might wonder how their relationship could truly be considered a partnership, as William currently appeared to hold all the power. Still, the reason was exactly due to their contract—a karmic contract, to be more accurate.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Karmic contracts were an interesting thing. William had been given a token from Eversmile to make it, as he hadn’t learned how to properly do it himself yet. The contract was the kind that couldn’t be broken easily without both party’s consent. And if one did break it… well, it wouldn’t end well.</p>
      <p class="subsq">A good case would be getting a bad karmic curse. A bad case would be instant death. He still wasn’t quite sure how it worked, but it didn’t really matter much. Even if he broke the contract, he didn’t give a damn.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Because as William had said: he was unique. Enough so for even the system to recognize it.</p>
      <div class="alignment-block alignment-block-align-center">
        <div class="text-block">
        <p class="alignment-block-content alignment-block-content-center"><b><i>[Bloodline of the Bondless One (Ancient)] – Grants resistance to passively creating karmic bonds. Increases ability to comprehend bonds and manipulate them.</i></b></p>
      </div>
      </div>
      <p class="subsq">A Bloodline. The reason his master had been so willing to make him a student. As to what exactly it did… well, the first part about passive karmic bonds was apparently the overpowered part, while he’d mainly noticed the second one during his practice after he had awakened it.</p>
      <p class="subsq">William didn’t know that he had apparently always had it, but he had been told it was only awakened when Eversmile blessed him. He’d even gotten the Bloodline ability as part of the blessing-title-thing. His master had warned him not to mention his Bloodline, and that most information out there in the multiverse was fake, spread on purpose by those with powerful Bloodlines like him. He totally got that; he would have done the same thing.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Anyway, back to karma. What he had learned about karma was that karmic bonds between two people were a two-way street. Normally when a bond was created, there was a connection going from person A to person B and from B back to A. But what happened if one of those was missing?</p>
      <p class="subsq">Well, according to his master, that would be nearly impossible without an incredibly powerful skill, coupled with great insight into the concept of karma. If the bond went from A to B, there would always automatically be a bond back the other way.</p>
      <p class="subsq">This was also the reason why a single party couldn’t simply sever karma. One could cut off their own part, but the karmic bond would always exist if the other party declined to also sever all karma. And even if it was severed, to truly, one hundred percent sever it was, once again, nearly impossible.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Which was where his Bloodline came in. If he was person B in the other example, then while person A established a karmic bond with him, he wouldn’t just automatically return that bond or have a weaker bond. Which effectively meant that he could more easily sever his own karmic connections.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Now, what did that help with? First of all, he could sever any contract—such as the karmic contract—simply by working on not actively forming his part. To make it even better, the other party was still bound by the agreement as though he was too. Well, unless the person had just a sliver of insight into karma… It only worked with weaker people, but it was still nice.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Eversmile had told him that his Bloodline meant so much more than simply that, but honestly, that part was good enough for him already. It meant he wasn’t shackled down by some otherworldly law, or worse, his own promises.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Which isn’t to say he had any plans on breaking his deal with Ms. Kim. He just didn’t like the thought of being unable to break it.</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;So, where to now?&quot; he asked her.</p>
      <p class="subsq">As said, it was a partnership. And since William didn’t have any particular target or location in mind, he just let her direct them. Because while he didn’t have any family or friends he gave a damn about, she did.</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;They lived in the inner city, just through here. Though I must admit it is a bit hard to recognize a lot of the area due to the destruction.” She sighed.</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;Want some help?&quot; he asked, offering his karmic expertise. “If they’re close, I should be able to locate them.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;Really? How?&quot;</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;An ability of mine. Quite effective at finding people you have a connection with. It was the same skill I used to find you.” He didn’t intend to share any real details beyond that.</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;It would certainly be useful. What do you need me to do?&quot;</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;Just take my hands, and I am gonna give it a go,&quot; he said, offering up his hands. &quot;It is my first time doing it, though, so not sure if it will actually work.&quot;</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;Nothing ventured, nothing gained.&quot;</p>
      <p class="subsq">She grabbed his hands without hesitation, and William couldn’t help but notice how soft her hands were. Shaking his head, he closed his eyes and began reading the threads of karma.</p>
      <p class="subsq">In his mind’s eye, he saw thousands upon thousands of threads extend out from Kim. Most of them so ethereal that he wasn’t even a hundred percent sure they were actually there. The threads didn’t actually go anywhere but simply hung in the air.</p>
      <p class="subsq">All except for five. One of them was directly connected to William himself. Its strength and intensity were relatively strong, but it was nothing compared to the thread right beside it. A powerful, almost golden thread extended to the child playing behind them. It was the most powerful karmic connection he had seen since he started practicing this whole karma thing.</p>
      <p class="subsq">But neither of those were what he sought. Instead, it was the three threads extending towards the inner city she’d pointed to before. One of them was significantly stronger than the two others. Likely only one friend or family member, and two she wasn’t quite as close to.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Opening his eyes, he smiled. &quot;Let’s go.&quot;</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;You found them?&quot; she asked, not quite believing him. He had just taken her hands and closed his eyes for ten seconds before letting go again.</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;Three people you have some kind of connection with right this way, milady,&quot; he said, making an exaggerated motion towards where she’d pointed before.</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;Do you know who?&quot; she asked, a fair amount of expectation in her voice.</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;No clue.&quot;</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;Let us hurry, then!&quot;</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;Alright.&quot; He turned towards the girl and yelled, &quot;Seo, time to go! It’s flying time!&quot;</p>
      <p class="subsq">With an excited scream, she bolted back towards him.</p>
      <p class="subsq">At the same time, he took out a large disc of metal from his armor and quickly enlarged it until it was long enough for all of them to stand on. The disc also had small appendages to hold feet in place, making it safe-ish.</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;I still can’t believe you convinced me to fly on that thing. Much less Seo,&quot; Kim said as she stepped on the giant disc.</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;Come on—you secretly like it, don’t ya?&quot; he teased, getting only a small smile in return. No denial, though.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Seo, of course, absolutely loved flying on the disc.</p>
      <p class="subsq">The two of them laughed as they took flight and whooshed through the air towards where he had tracked the karmic threads. The speed of the disc was limited more by the child on board than William’s own capacity for speed. However, he had to admit that keeping it afloat was quite expensive mana-wise.</p>
      <p class="subsq">As they got closer, William saw far more people than just the three they were looking for. An entire camp had been built in what was once a park, with several makeshift tents and other structures scattered about.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Turning to Ms. Kim, he said, &quot;I think Seo needs to sleep.&quot;</p>
      <p class="subsq">She nodded as she picked up the oblivious child. Putting her mouth to the girl’s ear, she said in a weird, ethereal voice, &quot;Sleepytime.&quot;</p>
      <p class="subsq">With those words, the small girl fell over in her mother’s arms, already asleep. It was the standard procedure they had agreed upon when meeting other humans. The situation was unpredictable by default, after all.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Their intrusion did cause quite the commotion. Several people spotted them flying towards the camp, and he could hear several yells as they tried to muster a response to a possible attack.</p>
      <p class="subsq">At the behest of Ms. Kim, he landed outside of their camp, several watchful gazes drilling into them. And like the last time they’d met other humans, he let her take the lead once more. On a side note, he had learned that being a group carrying around a sleeping kid didn’t exactly add to their intimidation factor.</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;I am sorry for the scare; my companion and I are here looking for a close friend of mine,&quot; Kim said, practically yelling at the six men who stood cautiously watching them at the edge of the camp.</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;Who?&quot; one of them yelled back.</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;Her name is Mary; she is my friend. But would it not be easier for us just to enter and look around ourselves? We have it on good authority she is here.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">The men turned to each other and muttered in hushed voices, scowling back towards Ms. Kim and William several times before finally turning back to them.</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;Fine—you and the girl can come in, but the guy is staying out here,&quot; the man said.</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;Why can’t he enter with us? We truly mean no harm, and—&quot;</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;He gives me the creeps, and we can’t see his level. That reason enough?&quot; one of the other men said.</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;But—&quot;</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;I don’t give a shit what you say; he ain’t comin’ in,&quot; the same guy said, cutting her off. &quot;And if you keep up this bullshit, you can fuck right off too.&quot;</p>
      <p class="subsq">Ms. Kim was momentarily unsure what to say as William stepped forward. “Now, now, that is no way to speak to a lady, is it?&quot; he said, a big smile on his face. &quot;Besides, why are we even arguing? Are you boys not under a serious misconception here? What makes you think I give a flying fuck if you allow me to enter or not?&quot;</p>
    </div>
  </div>
</body></html>