<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><html xml:lang="en" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en"><head>
  <title>Chapter 68: Birds of Prey</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../Styles/style0001.css"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../Styles/style0002.css"/>
</head><body>
  <div id="chapter-68" class="element element-bodymatter element-container-single element-type-chapter element-with-heading" role="doc-chapter" epub:type="chapter">
    <div class="heading heading-container-single heading-size-full heading-format-full heading-alignment-flexible heading-without-image">
      <div class="heading-contents">
        <div class="title-subtitle-block title-block-with-element-number">
          <div class="element-number-block">
            <div class="element-number case-mixed"><span class="element-number-term">Chapter</span> <span class="element-number-number">68</span></div>
          </div>
          <div class="title-block">
            <h1 class="element-title case-mixed">Birds of Prey</h1>
          </div>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
    <div class="text" id="chapter-68-text">
      <p class="first first-in-chapter first-full-width first-with-first-letter-j"><span class="first-letter first-letter-j first-letter-without-punctuation">J</span>ake hummed as he finished up another batch of elixirs. It had been a few days since he got the new skill and the Pride upgrade, and he had spent this time practicing that skill and doing alchemy. He hadn’t used that teaching skill at all. Mainly because he hadn’t spoken to or interacted with anyone.</p>
      <p class="subsq">His practice with Pride of the Malefic Viper had been pretty simple. Infusing his presence with mana came naturally to him due to the instinctive knowledge from the skill, and the effect was quite prominent. He felt like everything around him became more familiar to him when he did it, and summoning magic around him became far more effortless. Shit, he could make more Arcane Bolts than ever while having the presence active.</p>
      <p class="subsq">There was one minor issue, though. It drained Jake’s mana pool at crazy speeds. It was like a turbo-charged version of Limit Break, but for mana. Well, maybe it was nearly exactly like Limit Break? Limit Break improved him internally, and infusing his presence increased his control over the external world.</p>
      <p class="subsq">He hadn’t had time to test the mental attack yet, but only practiced with magic. He would need to find an opportunity before the Treasure Hunt to not go in blind, but he had a feeling it would be effective. He especially wanted to see if he could make it more effective if he coupled it with Gaze of the Apex Hunter.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Jake had also spoken a bit with Villy about the teaching skill when the god got curious, and Villy had just told him that teaching someone could be a good move. This surprised Jake, as he’d thought the overly selfish god didn’t really care much about other humans on Earth. That was, until Villy pointed out how teaching others could be good for personal improvement, and how he himself had learned a lot by going back over some of the basics while training someone else. Apparently, Villy had had quite a number of students through the times, even if Duskleaf was the only one Jake knew about.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Anyway, besides that, Jake had made another nice pile of elixirs and even gotten another level under his belt in just three days. He had nearly entered another trance again, but avoided it due to diversifying things with some Pride training and the chat with Villy.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Jake took out a Fungalmancer core to make another Vitality elixir. He wanted to try and make a rare-rarity one of those soon before he moved on to improving his Perception version. By now, he had realized he likely wouldn’t have time to make a rare-rarity version of the Perception elixir, but at least he could move up to uncommon.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Just as he got done melting the core… he stopped.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Something felt wrong. Very wrong. Jake’s gut was telling him things were off… It took him a second to realize the source. <i>Sylphie</i>…</p>
      <p class="subsq">Jake stopped the brewing, tossed his cauldron and its unfinished sludge in his inventory, and took to the air.</p>
      <p class="subsq">His presence was infused, directed ahead of him. The mana gave way as his will manifested, and a small platform of arcane mana appeared in the distance. Summoned using his Sphere of Perception and his presence working together.</p>
      <p class="subsq">He used One Step Mile in mid-air and appeared on the platform ahead of him. Within a quarter of a second, another platform was summoned ahead of him. This one he also stepped onto, teleporting yet again.</p>
      <p class="subsq">The upgrade to Pride had allowed this. Jake hadn’t even known it was possible before this very moment; he’d just had to find the fastest way to move forward. Because it was easier to manifest his mana inside his presence, it was fast enough. Did it consume a lot of mana? Yes, but right now, his primary priority was speed.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Jake had effectively just unlocked full-on, air-walk teleporting as he used One Step Mile forward into the horizon. He didn’t know where it was; he just had a gut feeling about the direction. Jake wasn’t even aware of what he was moving towards. All he knew was that Sylphie, Hawkie, and Mystie were in trouble.</p>
      <p class="subsq">A good while after he left the lodge, one of the enchantments around the time tree shattered with a bang—one that had been laid down by Mystie.</p>
      <p class="implicit-break"></p>
      <p class="first first-in-section first-full-width">Hawkie dodged the scorching white ray within a feather’s breadth but was still sent tumbling through the air. He managed to stabilize himself and accidentally made eye contact with the uncaring gaze of the alpha before him.</p>
      <div class="alignment-block alignment-block-align-center">
        <div class="text-block">
        <p class="alignment-block-content alignment-block-content-center"><b>[Goldsun Eagle Prima – lvl 144]</b></p>
      </div>
      </div>
      <p class="subsq">It was a nearly ten-meter-long golden eagle. Its radiant feathers gave off a constant glow as it bathed in sunlight, its entire body practically humming with power and potent energy similar to the sun above.</p>
      <p class="subsq">He knew their opponent barely cared about them. It knew it was above them—not by a little, either—and didn’t wish to waste any of its more prominent attacks. It was arrogant, with power to back up that arrogance. The only one it regarded as anything worth mentioning was Hawkie’s daughter, despite her low grade.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Which was exactly why they had told her to flee. Flee as they tried to hold back the monstrous eagle before them.</p>
      <p class="subsq">A blast of mystical mana hit the eagle from the side, but it failed to damage the radiant barrier around the beast. It was a hastily constructed attack that was unable to damage their opponent, but if anyone could allow them a chance, it was his mate.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Hawkie engaged again, attacking with a whirlwind to kick up the dust from far below. He surrounded the eagle in a tornado of sand and dust, obscuring its vision. Its mate began another ritual to summon a blast that would hopefully damage the eagle enough to dissuade it from chasing their daughter.</p>
      <p class="subsq">The summoned beasts had been slain swiftly. They didn’t even stand a chance and were only mild annoyances to the Eagle Prima. An annoyance as mild as the whirlwind of sand.</p>
      <p class="subsq">A golden explosion of light pushed Hawkie back, scorching his feathers, and his mate had to summon a barrier to defend herself. A second later, she was forced to stop her attack when a searing ray came for her. Yet again, the eagle didn’t press the attack but just observed them before tossing out a few more orbs of light towards Hawkie.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Was it playing with them? Didn’t it want to kill them? Why was it waiting like this? Hopefully, at least time would be on their side, though hope was slim.</p>
      <p class="subsq">His mate had already dispelled some of the enchantments back at the lodge around the time-related natural treasure, hoping the human would discover it. She had done this the moment they were discovered by the eagle. They didn’t know if it could do anything, but he hoped the human who had given him his name could do <i>something</i>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Either way… at least his daughter had to escape.</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;<i>REE!</i>&quot; Hawkie suddenly heard from off in the distance. A sound that made his heart drop.</p>
      <p class="subsq">He looked around and saw the green shape of his daughter being pushed back by another figure. It was a large eagle, much like the one he and his mate were fighting, but a bit smaller and far weaker. Still stronger than his daughter, who had yet to evolve, though.</p>
      <div class="alignment-block alignment-block-align-center">
        <div class="text-block">
        <p class="alignment-block-content alignment-block-content-center"><b>[Goldsun Eagle – lvl 131]</b></p>
      </div>
      </div>
      <p class="subsq">It was the Eagle Prima’s mate… Hawkie became clear on that because of the other new arrival.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Behind the new eagle, another small form flew, looking a lot like the two others.</p>
      <div class="alignment-block alignment-block-align-center">
        <div class="text-block">
        <p class="alignment-block-content alignment-block-content-center"><b>[Juvenile Goldsun Eagle – lvl 92]</b></p>
      </div>
      </div>
      <p class="subsq">That was when Hawkie realized… just as they had gone there to help train their daughter and get her experience and teach her things, so had these eagles decided to use his family to train their spawn.</p>
      <p class="subsq">His mate—named Mystie by the human—had the same look of despair he did. The Eagle Prima was just weakening them, with the intent of having its spawn finish them off. They had done the same for their daughter so many times.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Their mutual look of despair quickly changed to one of determination. The situation was bad, but that didn’t mean they had nothing left. The two of them had been together since before the system. They were mates for life. That didn’t foster only trust, but also some amount of power. The two of them had chosen two parts of a greater skill—one they could only use when together.</p>
      <p class="subsq">One they had practiced not to face this kind of opponent, but for if the human ever turned into an enemy.</p>
      <p class="subsq">The Eagle Prima hadn’t noticed their look, or it didn’t care. It welcomed its mate with a screech, and its mate responded in kind with its spawn. Sylphie, as the human had named her, was pushed back towards Hawkie.</p>
      <p class="subsq">A final look was exchanged as they began.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Hawkie began glowing in a green light that soon turned deep blue and began crackling with lightning. Mystie began emitting purple myst. They didn’t need to screech or communicate—their gazes had said it all. The purpose was not to defeat the Eagle Prima. That would be foolish. The aim was to make a way out for Sylphie.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Mystie dodged a wave of light, searing her one wing. Hawkie was blasted by a small orb. Sylphie took a nasty scratch from a talon.</p>
      <p class="subsq">They were all forced together as the Eagle Prima spread its wings. Magic in the air moved as a bubble of light was erected around them, designed to seal them all in and damage them via the increasing temperature. It was so big that it would take Hawkie nearly fifteen seconds to fly across it. The accursed spawn of the eagles sat outside the bubble, cheerily watching the show.</p>
      <p class="subsq">It wouldn’t get that chance for much longer.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Two energies convened.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Storm and myst came together and mixed. A cloud of purple lightning was born as a thunderclap sounded out, and for the first time since this entire battle began, the Eagle Prima looked surprised. Mystie and Hawkie flew towards each other, at which point Mystie turned entirely to myst and began swirling around Hawkie.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Hawkie turned in mid-air, his wounds no longer mattering. He pushed his body to its utmost as he flew towards the mate of the Prima. Their young spawn was behind the second Goldsun Eagle, and it chose to defend. Foolishly believing it could.</p>
      <p class="subsq">The Prima also moved. It tried to block their path but was too slow. Hawkie, fused with Mystie, turned into a nearly fifteen-meter-long bird resembling a purple, hawk-shaped thundercloud as they crashed into the Goldsun Eagle.</p>
      <p class="subsq"><b>Myststorm Union</b></p>
      <p class="subsq">A mighty explosion sounded out as purple thunder exploded out from the impact. The fused birds didn’t slow as they consumed the Goldsun Eagle and headed for the spawn behind the barrier, a dark figure with broken, glowing purple lines pulsing on its body the only thing in their wake. It would be dead within minutes without assistance.</p>
      <p class="subsq">They crashed through the barrier and destroyed it, but they didn’t get farther than that.</p>
      <p class="subsq">The Goldsun Eagle Prima appeared before them, more radiant than ever. Its rage at having seen its mate practically slain was on full display, and it opened its beak and fired out a massive breath of solar light.</p>
      <p class="subsq">The Myststorm Union was still a new skill. It took an incredible toll on both of them and could only be used for a single attack. Most of their energy had already been expended on the Goldsun Eagle and the barrier, meaning they ran on fumes when the solar beam hit them.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Myst was burned through, lightning was dispersed, and the union was broken. Two figures were sent tumbling through the air, both far more injured than before.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Hawkie had been the one infused… He should have been the one taking the brunt force of it… but at the very end, Mystie had concentrated her essence to defend. He saw her fall through the air, already unconscious and scorched black from the beam.</p>
      <p class="subsq">The only good thing was that they had at least bought time for Sylphie to—</p>
      <p class="subsq">A green form crashed into the side of the Eagle Prima, glowing green talons at the ready and aiming for the beast’s eyes. It waved its wing, smashing Sylphie down towards the ground.</p>
      <p class="subsq">She hit it hard, and she didn’t get back up.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Hawkie saw red and charged the eagle again, hoping to do… something. He thought of maybe taking its spawn hostage, but saw it was already encapsulated in a bubble of energy to defend it. He burned every shred of energy he had left and fired off a massive, crackling blade of wind and lightning.</p>
      <p class="subsq">All it did was make the eagle block, and the opening Hawkie hoped would come wasn’t there as a talon kicked him back, leaving a large hole in his chest. It was a hopeless battle. His mate was already bleeding out somewhere in the canyon, and there was nothing left. His vision began darkening, and he heard the cries of Sylphie below. She was no doubt trying to get up and keep fighting. She was proud and brave like that.</p>
      <p class="subsq">He wasn’t disappointed she hadn’t chosen to flee. He was sad, but he couldn’t be angry… only proud. He had many regrets as he felt himself slowly fade away, but he had done a lot. He had managed to foster a wonderful daughter and found the perfect mate. It was only too bad the journey would end here. He was reluctant to go, and he could only hate himself for failing his family.</p>
      <p class="subsq">The eagle moved in to finish him off for good, not leaving a single chance of survival. It opened its beak to fire out a beam as Hawkie’s vision gave out, and he felt the energy that would be his certain death begin collecting… then stop.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Everything seemed to stop.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Then… something came. Hawkie felt it. Another being… a presence… one more powerful than the Prima by far. He didn’t have time to recognize it before it arrived, but deep down, he knew. Hawkie couldn’t see anymore, but he heard the arrival.</p>
      <p class="subsq">One moment, the beam was about to be fired—the next, massive explosions sounded out. Two of them.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Hawkie’s fall ceased as he felt the familiar presence. A warm liquid entered his beak… one he also recognized. He felt the warmth spread in his body as he was swiftly moved through the air. He heard the cries of Sylphie, who seemed almost… panicked? There was no reason for that. Didn’t she understand?</p>
      <p class="subsq">A true apex predator had arrived.</p>
      <p class="implicit-break"></p>
      <p class="first first-in-section first-full-width">Jake had teleported through the air, every step faster than the one before. With Limit Break active at 20%, every fiber of his being was focused. Mana condensed, he stepped, and he teleported, his momentum increasing as he ran.</p>
      <p class="subsq">His speed was faster than anything he had ever achieved before. Every step was over two hundred meters, with more than ten steps now taken a second.</p>
      <p class="subsq">He saw the eagle in the distance. He froze it. He took a few more dozen steps until he landed not on mana, but the back of the beast.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Every shred of momentum he’d built up for far over a thousand kilometers was released with that one footfall. Jake’s leg hurt as the veins on it burst, while the frozen eagle was sent smashing straight down, a crack sounding out as its weak bones also gave out.</p>
      <p class="subsq">His focus wasn’t on the beast, however. He felt anxious as he teleported again and summoned his wings. He caught Hawkie and quickly fed him a healing potion. A quick flight, and he reached Sylphie and gave her one too. She looked confused and afraid at his presence, screeching with warnings. Sylphie tried to make him leave. Jake just smiled as he picked her up and flew over to where he felt Mystie. She also got a potion as Jake laid down Hawkie and Sylphie beside her.</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;Please, just stay here,&quot; he said with a soothing tone as he patted Sylphie. He also gave Hawkie a nod as he saw him weakly open one eye. &quot;You did well, mate. Now let me handle the rest.&quot;</p>
      <p class="subsq">Jake turned around, his smile gone as he looked down the canyon at the Goldsun Eagle Prima below, his eyes burning with rage and presence blanketing that entire section of the canyon.</p>
      <p class="subsq">He wasn’t in a good mood.</p>
    </div>
  </div>
</body></html>