<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><html xml:lang="en" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en"><head>
  <title>Chapter 10: Fragmented</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../Styles/style0001.css"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../Styles/style0002.css"/>
</head><body>
  <div id="chapter-10" class="element element-bodymatter element-container-single element-type-chapter element-with-heading" role="doc-chapter" epub:type="chapter">
    <div class="heading heading-container-single heading-size-full heading-format-full heading-alignment-flexible heading-without-image">
      <div class="heading-contents">
        <div class="title-subtitle-block title-block-with-element-number">
          <div class="element-number-block">
            <div class="element-number case-mixed"><span class="element-number-term">Chapter</span> <span class="element-number-number">10</span></div>
          </div>
          <div class="title-block">
            <h1 class="element-title case-mixed">Fragmented</h1>
          </div>
          <h2 class="element-subtitle case-mixed">Boom!</h2>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
    <div class="text" id="chapter-10-text">
      <p class="first first-in-chapter first-full-width first-with-first-letter-t"><span class="first-letter first-letter-t first-letter-without-punctuation">T</span>he Prima was sent flying back as Jake’s hand exploded in an assault of arcane mana the same moment he punched it. Its silly belief in Jake playing it smart had clearly backfired on it, as Jake was more than happy to be risky. The reason he had held back before was due to the uncertainty of what it was cooking up, but now… now he knew he could face it head-on.</p>
      <p class="subsq">His opponent got up with a nosebleed, looking more than a little pissed as it zoomed forward. Jake was ready as he met it; he had also decided to now hold nothing back.</p>
      <p class="subsq">More energy than ever began streaming from his pores until the ground cracked beneath his feet. The internal flow of his energy sped up to new levels as his body began overflowing with power. He hadn’t done it many times since reaching D-grade, but damn, did he love the feeling.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Limit break at 10% had been active the entire fight, but now he pushed it to 20%. All his capabilities instantly increased as he clashed with the beast.</p>
      <p class="subsq">He had lost his primary melee weapon… but that didn’t mean he didn’t have any. In fact, he had a whole lot of them.</p>
      <p class="subsq">In the hand not holding Venomfang, an arrow appeared—one he had no intentions of using with a bow. It did mean that the arrow wouldn’t benefit from a lot of what made it good, but it could still be used to stab stuff.</p>
      <p class="subsq">The monkey clawed at him with its swift hand, leaving a silver trail after every swipe that burned with energy and cut into Jake’s Scales of the Malefic Viper. In return, he stabbed an arrow into the shoulder of the beast and, in just as swift a motion, pulled one from his quiver and slammed it down too. His Venomfang was used to deflect the golden hand that the monkey extended in a palm-hit, firing off a massive shockwave.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Jake followed up with another quick jab and a kick to the monkey’s leg, which made it decide that enough was enough. It slammed its hands together. Yet another shockwave of golden and silver light hit him, and Jake felt his body lighten for a moment as he was sent flying back, only to become heavy and slam straight down.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Another explosion created yet another crater as Jake was forced to quickly roll away from the monkey. It had jumped and slammed its foot down where his head had just been. Jake felt quite a bit of aching all over his body from that last one.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Not that the Prima was doing any better. It had two arrows sticking out of it, one of them coated in his hemotoxin. It had tried to avoid being too poisoned, but fighting someone like Jake, it was truly impossible to altogether prevent it.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Without waiting for the beast to make the first move again, Jake moved in closer and tried to stab it with another arrow. The monkey was having none of that; its silver claw flew up and just straight up ripped the tip of the arrow off, making the entire arrow disperse.</p>
      <p class="subsq">The golden claw flew up and tried to blast his head off, but Jake tilted it by dodging the blow and landing an uppercut on the monkey. It grit its teeth as it was lifted off the ground for a moment before it suddenly slammed straight back down, also slamming its tail into Jake with the full might of its weight magic behind the blow.</p>
      <p class="subsq">His own scimitar crashed into his shoulder from above, bringing him to his knee as he felt like something broke. Yet he also took the opportunity to grasp out with his other hand and push the monkey to the ground, the hand glowing a dark green.</p>
      <p class="subsq">The Prima stabbed its silver hand into Jake’s guts as he held it down, but he didn’t let up. Instead, he kept pumping Touch of the Malefic Viper into its body. Jake even knelt down a bit and flexed his muscles to make the monkey unable to retract its hand from inside his body. He used his other hand to hold the golden hand away so it couldn’t blast him off an—</p>
      <p class="subsq">Just then, it blasted him from an awkward angle.</p>
      <p class="subsq"><i>This is getting damn annoying</i>, Jake thought as he landed softly on the ground, a trail of blood in his wake that sizzled as it hit the ground. The monkey also screeched angrily, as its silver hand looked like it had just been put into a vat of acid—which it kind of had, considering Jake’s use of the Blood of the Malefic Viper on all the blood around where the monkey had stabbed its hand in.</p>
      <p class="subsq">But… he was beginning to learn. He got a faint tingling in his mind as it cast its time magic—a sense of wrongness. He got it after, while, and before it happened, as weird as that sounds. Jake felt that if he could feel it, he could impact it somehow.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Both parties clashed once more, landing blow after blow on the other. The confidence of the Prima had begun waning long ago, as it seemingly found the human before it far more resilient and resourceful than expected. Jake, too, was surprised. Despite its weak-looking state, the monkey was tough and durable. Its ability to avoid most blows to vital areas helped it immensely.</p>
      <p class="subsq">In the end, the big difference-maker was once more the poison. Its time magic could help it heal immediate wounds, but the accumulated poison was still too much. The monkey was clearly aware it had to finish things now, or it wouldn’t end well.</p>
      <p class="subsq">And while Jake didn’t have to, he chose to face it in a final clash. Be it due to arrogance or well-founded self-confidence, he genuinely believed he had no way to lose.</p>
      <p class="subsq">They flew at each other, and Jake saw the symbol on the half-rotten and broken silver hand move to its other one. At the same time, the entire arm began glowing with newfound energy, but Jake was also fully aware the monkey’s entire arm could only handle a single blow before breaking apart from the sheer stress caused by the power.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Jake himself placed both his hands on Venomfang, focusing every fiber of his being on the weapon. He pumped mana into it to strengthen it and even coated it in a bit of excess mana. At the same time, he tried to use Descending Dark Fang. He instantly felt his intended action fail… but he wasn’t taking no for an answer.</p>
      <p class="subsq">He forced his will upon the blade until the arcane mana swirled and extended as an edge, the dark mana burning into it meanwhile. In the end, the energies were forced to mix and mingle, destroying one another until they finally reached equilibrium and split away from each other.</p>
      <p class="subsq">The arcane mana formed a coating around the entire dagger, looking almost like the weapon was made of crystal, while the dark mana swirled around that. The whole blade was volatile as he, with both hands, stabbed it down towards the head of the Prima.</p>
      <p class="subsq">At the final moment, it dodged to the side, prepared to strike—only to find that Jake had also halted his blow, not doing as he was supposed to. It was too late for the Prima, which smashed its fist towards Jake’s face in an attack that would undoubtedly blow his entire head off.</p>
      <p class="subsq">An attack that resulted in the Prima learning that, while it certainly was a talented user of time magic…</p>
      <p class="subsq">It wasn’t the only one who could use the concept.</p>
      <div class="alignment-block alignment-block-align-center">
        <div class="text-block">
        <p class="alignment-block-content alignment-block-content-center"><b>Moment of the Primal Hunter</b></p>
      </div>
      </div>
      <p class="subsq">Time slowed as Jake saw the fist about to impact his head. He swiftly moved around it and stabbed his dagger down towards the head of the Prima. The moment he did so, he felt it try to once more interfere, and for a fraction of a second, he saw the despair in the eyes of the monkey as it realized… this was a moment that didn’t belong to it. A moment where it was utterly suppressed by a superior concept of time.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Everything returned to usual as the clash happened.</p>
      <p class="subsq">One fist missed the human and sent a wave of golden and silver light flying out, tearing up a huge part of the forest as the Prima’s entire arm was mangled by its own power. However, it failed to hit the human with anything but a bit of the remnant energy.</p>
      <p class="subsq">The other attack came from the dagger that swirled with a mix of arcane and darkness, plunging down into the skull of the Prima and releasing two loud cracks—one from the broken skull and the other from the dagger itself.</p>
      <p class="subsq">A torrent of arcane and darkness penetrated the entire body of the Prima as the edge extended, and its screech of pain turned to silence.</p>
      <div class="alignment-block alignment-block-align-center">
        <div class="text-block">
        <p class="alignment-block-content alignment-block-content-center"><b><i>*You have slain</i></b> <b><i>[Penta-Lighttail Monkey Prima – lvl 134]</i></b> <b><i>– Bonus experience earned for killing an enemy above your level*</i></b></p>
      </div>
        <p class="implicit-break"></p>
      <div class="text-block">
        <p class="alignment-block-content alignment-block-content-center"><b><i>* ‘DING!’ Class: [Avaricious Arcane Hunter] has reached level 113 - Stat points allocated, +10 Free Points*</i></b></p>
      </div>
        <p class="implicit-break"></p>
      <div class="text-block">
        <p class="alignment-block-content alignment-block-content-center"><b><i>* ‘DING!’ Class: [Avaricious Arcane Hunter] has reached level 114 - Stat points allocated, +10 Free Points*</i></b></p>
      </div>
        <p class="implicit-break"></p>
      <div class="text-block">
        <p class="alignment-block-content alignment-block-content-center"><b><i>* ‘DING!’ Race: [Human (D)] has reached level 108 - Stat points allocated, +15 Free Points*</i></b></p>
      </div>
        <p class="implicit-break"></p>
      <div class="text-block">
        <p class="alignment-block-content alignment-block-content-center"><b><i>* ‘DING!’ Class: [Avaricious Arcane Hunter] has reached level 115 - Stat points allocated, +10 Free Points*</i></b></p>
      </div>
      </div>
      <p class="subsq">Jake stood almost frozen as his arm shook from the impact of his own attack. The energy around the dagger faded away and revealed the form of Venomfang. It had a large crack down the middle with many small fractures throughout. He instantly knew this battle would be the last for the good-old reliable fang.</p>
      <p class="subsq">As for the attack he had unleashed at the end… it was yet another skill upgrade that had come in clutch. One that shouldn’t really have come as a surprise, given how much he had been practicing using his arcane mana. He’d even made a few arcane edges here and there.</p>
      <div class="alignment-block alignment-block-align-center">
        <div class="text-block">
        <p class="alignment-block-content alignment-block-content-center"><b><i>[Descending Dark Fang (Rare)] – A fang coated in dark mana descending like the clamping mouth of a snake. Do a downward strike with a melee weapon, significantly increasing penetrative power and damage inflicted. Dark mana makes the wound harder to heal and drains energy until dispelled. Damage improved further if the weapon is benefitting from Twin Fang Style. Adds a small bonus to the effect of Agility, Strength, and Intelligence when using Descending Dark Fang.</i></b></p>
        <p class="alignment-block-content alignment-block-content-center"><b><i>--&gt;</i></b></p>
        <p class="alignment-block-content alignment-block-content-center"><b><i>[Descending Dark Arcane Fang (Epic)] – A fang that strikes from the darkness, clamping down with the fury of your arcane. Infuse your blade with a mixture of dark and arcane mana as you do a downward strike, significantly increasing damage done and penetrative power. Dark mana makes the wound harder to heal and drains energy until dispelled. Arcane mana creates a powerful coating and extends the edge while increasing all its basic capabilities. Damage improved further if the weapon is benefitting from Twin Fang Style. Adds a bonus to the effect of Agility, Strength, and Intelligence when using Descending Dark Arcane Fang.</i></b></p>
      </div>
      </div>
      <p class="subsq">The skill had gotten stronger in every way, even if its name was beginning to look a bit silly. Either way, Jake couldn’t help feeling accomplished. He had won. Gotten a skill upgrade and three whole levels for the effort too. Even with how slow leveling was supposed to get in D-grade, Jake had an extreme pace, likely due to the difficulty of the foes he faced. He was truly living up to the name of his class, and surely increasing his speed even further.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Jake stood and smiled as he looked down on the dead monkey. He was slightly perplexed when he saw the Prima slowly turn to dust, its eyes still wide open with surprise, but he nevertheless spoke his genuine thoughts to the figure moments before it disappeared.</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;Good fight.&quot;</p>
      <p class="subsq">Jake saw the entire figure of the Prima disappear, leaving nothing behind but a small piece of golden metal and a core. He quickly used Identify on the golden fragment, and it left him more confused than anything else.</p>
      <div class="alignment-block alignment-block-align-center">
        <div class="text-block">
        <p class="alignment-block-content alignment-block-content-center"><b><i>[Key Fragment of the Exalted Prima (Unique)] – A key fragment to the Seat of the Exalted Prima. Collect three fragments to form the Key of the Exalted Prima to gain access.</i></b></p>
      </div>
      </div>
      <p class="subsq"><i>I guess it is good to know the system can still be like a videogame sometimes,</i> Jake thought with a small chuckle. Maybe collecting the key would unlock a secret boss or a treasure vault? Either way, it sounded like something he was definitely gonna do.</p>
      <p class="subsq">As for the second item, it was, of course, the Beastcore.</p>
      <div class="alignment-block alignment-block-align-center">
        <div class="text-block">
        <p class="alignment-block-content alignment-block-content-center"><b><i>[Penta-Lighttail Monkey Prima Beastcore (D-grade)] – – A Beastcore left behind by a D-grade Penta-Lighttail Monkey Prima, containing remnants of its Records within. Can be used as an alchemical ingredient for many types of creations but is most often found in elixirs. Contains powerful energy related to the concept of time.</i></b></p>
      </div>
      </div>
      <p class="subsq">Jake looked at it for a bit, then picked it up together with the fragment and, of course, his dropped scimitar. It was good to have that back. While getting a key fragment and a Beastcore may have seemed a bit shitty for the tough fight, Jake totally got it. It would be weird if creatures out in the wild just dropped random high-rarity items. It would break the economy and make most crafters obsolete for sure. <i>Maybe dungeons still do a bit of that? Hmmm….</i></p>
      <p class="subsq">It was also a bit weird that the monkey just turned to dust and left a key behind, sure, but what can ya do? Jake wouldn’t really feel comfortable running around in an old monkey’s hide anyway. That would just be weird.</p>
      <p class="subsq">As he stood there, looking at the core and thinking of what he could possibly make with it in the future—or what someone else could make—he remembered something slightly important.</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;Oh, yeah. World Congress.&quot;</p>
      <p class="subsq">He checked the time and saw that he still had… a bit less than ten hours<i>. Plenty of time, plenty of time</i>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Jake could get back in three hours tops. He was more than good on time.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Well, he did feel like shit, so maybe a bit more than an hour, as he needed to wait for his potion cooldown to be up. The fight with the monkey had lasted nearly two hours, the vast majority of it spent just on the ranged parts of the fight. It was actually a damn long time for two D-grades to battle.</p>
      <p class="subsq">With all that in mind, Jake had plenty of time to check out that ancient central temple the Prima had been guarding and going into while Jake was busy slaughtering the entire local Lighttail Monkey population. Maybe it was hiding all its shiny stuff there?</p>
      <p class="implicit-break"></p>
      <p class="first first-in-section first-full-width">In a dark cell, the chains hung from above. Ancient magic marked every part of the walls and floors. Within, a single being was trapped.</p>
      <p class="subsq">The figure opened its eyes as the chains that bound it rattled to the movement. A mighty beast. It barely had time to realize why it had been awakened before one of its chains broke, and the spike that had been inserted in its body vanished.</p>
      <p class="subsq">A single seal was now broken.</p>
      <p class="subsq">A single stub where something had once been now regrowing.</p>
      <p class="subsq">A single stub of 999.</p>
      <p class="subsq">998 chains remained—998 spikes sealing the beast.</p>
      <p class="subsq">The figure closed its eyes once more as it waited for release.</p>
    </div>
  </div>
</body></html>