<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><html xml:lang="en" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en"><head>
  <title>Chapter 11: The Calm Before the Politics</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../Styles/style0001.css"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../Styles/style0002.css"/>
</head><body>
  <div id="chapter-11" class="element element-bodymatter element-container-single element-type-chapter element-with-heading" role="doc-chapter" epub:type="chapter">
    <div class="heading heading-container-single heading-size-full heading-format-full heading-alignment-flexible heading-without-image">
      <div class="heading-contents">
        <div class="title-subtitle-block title-block-with-element-number">
          <div class="element-number-block">
            <div class="element-number case-mixed"><span class="element-number-term">Chapter</span> <span class="element-number-number">11</span></div>
          </div>
          <div class="title-block">
            <h1 class="element-title case-mixed">The Calm Before the Politics</h1>
          </div>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
    <div class="text" id="chapter-11-text">
      <p class="first first-in-chapter first-full-width first-with-first-letter-h"><span class="first-letter first-letter-h first-letter-without-punctuation">H</span>e wasn’t sure if he should be disappointed or not as he entered the central temple. The inside sloped down a bit as he entered a small underground chamber—a perfect place for a secret treasure vault.</p>
      <p class="subsq">What he found instead was just a damn bush… tree… thing. As he looked at it, he actually found it a bit odd that his Sagacity of the Malefic Viper didn’t toss out a snippet of knowledge. His Herbology skill was also not giving him any idea what the hell he was looking at.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Luckily, the system still came in tight and offered a nice explanation as he used Identify.</p>
      <div class="alignment-block alignment-block-align-center">
        <div class="text-block">
        <p class="alignment-block-content alignment-block-content-center"><b><i>[Ancient Celerita Musa (Ancient)] – This plant has been grown from an ancient Musa seed and brought new life by the advent of the system. Also commonly called a banana tree, this plant produces different sorts of bananas, a type of fruit unique to the newly integrated planet Earth. This tree has become intimately connected to the concept of time through unknown means, making its growth pattern highly unpredictable. Destroying this tree will have unpredictable effects, and using it in any kind of alchemical creation will require one to first anchor it in time. Can only grow in certain areas with intense amounts of mana.</i></b></p>
      </div>
      </div>
      <p class="subsq"><i>You learn something new every day</i>. Jake actually thought bananas grew on trees, something the system acknowledged. Maybe it was just being extra-nice with these new things and giving all of that sweet info? Either way, it was much appreciated. As for the banana Musa itself…</p>
      <p class="subsq">Well, this was without a doubt the rarest and most powerful herb Jake had ever come across. He felt the pressure just standing before it as he observed the weird plant.</p>
      <p class="subsq">It looked like it was growing in real time. At least, it was… until suddenly it wasn’t. A minute or so later, a part of it suddenly began growing in the opposite direction—in other words, began retracting into itself as if time reversed. That was likely because time kind of did reverse… This was a time tree… time Musa. Whatever. <i>Anyway…</i> <i>kinda awesome, not gonna lie</i>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">It wasn’t very big—only about five meters tall—though it was pretty wide with its large leaves. There was nothing else in the entire underground chamber aside from a few other minor herbs that Jake decided he may as well just pick up.</p>
      <p class="subsq">As he stood there, considering that, something happened on the plant. One of the flower-like growths suddenly appeared to bloom as four small bumps began growing out. Within less than a minute, the bumps took the shape of bananas and the growth stopped.</p>
      <p class="subsq">The bumps were—to the surprise of no one—bananas. Yellow and ripe, looking just like what Jake was used to buying in the supermarket. Jake was pretty sure modern bananas were selectively bred or something like that, but who was gonna complain about delicious-looking bananas?</p>
      <p class="subsq">He went up to the tree—yes, Jake had decided to just call it a tree because it looked a bit like a tree—and felt like he passed a weird barrier as he got close. He felt like time was being ever so slightly affected in the area a few meters around it.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Using Identify on the bananas, Jake was honestly a bit taken aback.</p>
      <div class="alignment-block alignment-block-align-center">
        <div class="text-block">
        <p class="alignment-block-content alignment-block-content-center"><b><i>[Celerita Banana (Rare)] – As a banana from the Ancient Celerita Musa, this fruit contains intense amounts of Celerita-affinity mana with Agility-enhancing effects. This fruit can be used in many different creations and is especially suited for flasks and elixirs. Due to this banana’s origin, it will be returned to the rivers of time if it is moved too far from the tree. Consuming or transforming the fruit will anchor the energies in time, removing this effect. +3 Agility upon consumption.</i></b></p>
      </div>
      </div>
      <p class="subsq">This was the second natural treasure he had seen that just stated how many stat points it gave, the first being the Argentum Vitae Mushrooms all the way back in the Challenge Dungeon. These bananas were clearly a step better, giving 3 stat points each.</p>
      <p class="subsq">With four of them, that was just 12 free Agility. Well, not entirely free. As with most things, there was a cap.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Jake had considered at one point if the rich and entitled kids of the multiverse couldn’t just have their mama and papa give them a mountain of elixirs and whatnot to instantly make them absolutely overpowered for their level, but that—luckily—wasn’t a thing.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Villy had explained to him that the cap was actually quite low and based entirely on race level. For levels 1 to 24, AKA F-grade, you could get 3 stat points per race level; for E-grade, you could get 5 per level, and D-grade, 15 per level. This ultimately resulted in Jake having a maximum cap of stat bonuses from consuming stuff that sat at 585. Of course, he had already used a bit of that.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Jake had eaten his way to a total of 86 stat points gained—51 of it in Vitality, 25 in Toughness, and 10 in Willpower. The stats were coming from the elixir he had chugged down after clearing the Valley of Tusks dungeon, the fucked-up concoction he had made to clear the Challenge Dungeon, and the mural with the history of the Malefic Viper in that same dungeon. Yes, things like that &quot;glimpse&quot; counted towards this cap too. This cap was pretty much everything you could get from outside sources.</p>
      <p class="subsq">There was one big difference between this and something like equipment, though. First of all, it counted towards base values, and secondly, there was no limit to increasing any one stat. This meant Jake could go drink Perception-increasing elixirs and get 499 Perception at his current level if he so wanted. Which he kind of did want, but that wasn’t the current issue.</p>
      <p class="subsq">The current issue was that he was under time pressure in front of a giant time tree-thingie that he really wanted, and based on all the descriptions going around, there was some magic going on he didn’t really understand.</p>
      <p class="subsq">He did understand that he couldn’t just take the bananas that were growing on the tree. Maybe he could put them in his storage, but he had a feeling they wouldn’t come out the way he wanted them. The barrier around the tree was likely what kept them ripe as they currently were, and he would have to find a way to &quot;anchor&quot; them before using them in any alchemical creation.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Well, with the four bananas that had just grown, he anchored one the easiest way possible by grabbing and peeling it.</p>
      <div class="alignment-block alignment-block-align-center">
        <div class="text-block">
        <p class="alignment-block-content alignment-block-content-center"><b><i>You have assimilated a powerful energy of Agility.</i></b></p>
        <p class="alignment-block-content alignment-block-content-center"><b><i>+3 Agility</i></b></p>
      </div>
      </div>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;Damn, these are good,&quot; he spoke out loud as he munched on it. He had always liked bananas. They were like the candy of fruit and fit in any good smoothie. Banana cake was also good.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Jake didn’t hesitate to eat all four of them, getting a sweet +12 Agility total. If all things went well, this would only be the beginning. Jake then took out an item he hadn’t used for a long time: his Omnitool.</p>
      <div class="alignment-block alignment-block-align-center">
        <div class="text-block">
        <p class="alignment-block-content alignment-block-content-center"><b><i>[Omnitool (Rare)] – A favorite for nearly all professions. This tool is made of a liquid metal that can take on any preprogrammed shape that the user desires. While unsuitable for combat, it has incredible application when it comes to performing nearly any recreational task. Enchantments: Self-Repair.</i></b></p>
      </div>
      </div>
      <p class="subsq">It was an item he forgot about ninety-nine percent of the time, and should have totally given to some of the crafters back at Haven so it didn’t just sit uselessly in his spatial storage like so many other things. Anyway, with that in hand, he transformed it into a giant shovel.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Now, did Jake have any idea if he could even steal the banana tree? No, not at all.</p>
      <p class="subsq">How to properly move it? Of course not.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Was it possible it could only grow within this temple, and he would just kill it? It sure was.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Did he one hundred percent bank on his valley counting as an area with &quot;intense amounts of mana&quot; due to the Pylon? He sure did.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Was Jake one hundred percent taking a chance as he decided to dig up the entire tree and relocate it to outside his lodge just to get a cool-ass banana tree? Yes. Yes, he was.</p>
      <p class="subsq"><i>Shit, what is the worst that can happen? I kill a tree and still get some weird-ass time-tree-Musa-thing I can play around with,</i> Jake thought as he began digging it up, finding it a bit annoying that the soil randomly moved back from where he had just dug it up from. Time magic and all that.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Jake was just going to risk it all and try to steal it. He knew it was a high-risk, high-reward move, but if he was candid, he wasn’t sure he would ever come back here. This temple was in an area that would be swarmed with new D-grades within a day or two once they noticed the Prima was dead, and a new alpha would claim the tree. Could Jake just kill that new alpha? Sure, but he was also confident it wouldn’t be nice to him and save the bananas.</p>
      <p class="subsq">So Jake would have had to cut it down or try something similar to that anyway. No way he would just leave it here. It was also damn far away from Haven, and it wasn’t like he could position anyone here. Even Mystie and Hawkie wouldn’t be safe at the temple with the kinds of beasts he’d seen around the place.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Eventually, Jake realized he had to dig around the barrier of the tree to prevent the soil from replacing itself all the time. Stupid tree. He dug around the tree at a radius of three meters or so away. It did take around two hours, which still left plenty of time to go back.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Him missing the World Congress had never been an option. He would rather say &quot;fuck this tree&quot; and fly back right away if getting it meant missing the meeting. Because while he didn’t give much of a shit for all the political bullshit that would be going on—that was for Miranda to handle—there was something he had genuinely been looking forward to: meeting his family.</p>
      <p class="subsq">He was only willing to spend this time to bring the tree back because he did have time. There was just one minor issue left.</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;Now, how do I carry this…?&quot;</p>
      <p class="implicit-break"></p>
      <p class="first first-in-section first-full-width">Miyamoto cleaned his blade as he waited—not because he expected to use it, but to clear his mind as he got more used to his reforged body. His blue robe was in impeccable condition, and he was ready. His great-granddaughter was already waiting at the Pylon together with his grandson and one of the managers.</p>
      <p class="subsq">He had also gotten word that the two other Pylons had prepared, each bringing in four people. This meant the Noboru clan would have twelve representatives present at the World Congress. Their preparations had been excellent, and Miyamoto was especially looking forward to finally laying his eyes on Earth’s elites.</p>
      <p class="implicit-break"></p>
      <p class="first first-in-section first-full-width">Jacob drank a cup of coffee as he read over the latest reports and prepared for their final meeting before the World Congress. The Pylons had the ability to link up and connect to each other, which was undoubtedly one of the major reasons for the World Congress, as it required either the owner, lord, or someone with an assistant profession to meet another representative.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Naturally, the Holy Church had already linked up their three Pylons to better facilitate cooperation. The hope of this World Congress was not just to link with a few of the remaining factions—they aimed to at least reach some kind of agreement with ninety percent of other Pylon holders.</p>
      <p class="implicit-break"></p>
      <p class="first first-in-section first-full-width">Caleb rocked back and forth with his son, taking the time to clear his mind and relax before the World Congress. Maja was with him and discussing the upcoming meeting—not just between the many faction leaders around Earth, but also the reunion with Jake.</p>
      <p class="subsq">There were many powerful people on Earth, and while Caleb did believe in Jake, he was still as worried as any family member would be. They hadn’t met in over half a year, and to say that a lot had happened during that time would be an understatement.</p>
      <p class="subsq">His only consolation was the divine message he’d received from Umbra saying his brother was fine. Besides that, he had only heard some vague rumors that may or may not pertain to Jake. He had to be honest; it would be good seeing his big bro again.</p>
      <p class="implicit-break"></p>
      <p class="first first-in-section first-full-width">&quot;Remember, we do not seek any hostile relationships with any factions,&quot; Priscilla said with a big smile to the three people in the room with her. “Play it safe, be courteous, and recognize that some may be scared, at least to begin with. This will be the first time for many to see a Risen; it is our job to make the first impression a pleasant one.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">One of those in attendance was Casper, who looked like he was listening but was actually more busy thinking about how much he really didn’t want to attend the World Congress—and at the same time, how much he would hate to miss it. On the one hand, it would mean meeting many people who would hate him by default just because he was an undead—his general aura, amplified by his powerful curse skills, didn’t help either—but on the other… it would be good to see Jake and even Jacob again. At least, he hoped it would…</p>
      <p class="implicit-break"></p>
      <p class="first first-in-section first-full-width">&quot;I am not wearing a fucking dress,&quot; Carmen said as she looked at the other woman entering the room.</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;No one says you have to,&quot; the older woman answered with a shrug. &quot;Just remember we aren’t going to fight. Who even knows if we will be able to fight? It would be quite silly if the first World Congress ended in a bloodbath.&quot;</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;That does sound more fun than sitting around a table with dim lights, discussing trade,&quot; Carmen sighed, annoyed she even had to attend.</p>
      <p class="subsq">The woman in front of her was the current City Lord, while she had taken the title of City Owner. She was called Pam, and the only reason Carmen had picked her was that she was the only one she had gotten along with of all the annoying survivors she’d come across so far. Oh, and she was her old boxing coach.</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;Who knows? Maybe something fun will happen,&quot; Pam said with a smile as she sniffed the air. &quot;However, one thing you are doing before the meeting is taking a shower. No discussion.&quot;</p>
      <p class="implicit-break"></p>
      <p class="first first-in-section first-full-width">Many other factions around Earth prepared for the approach of this key geopolitical event. A meeting between the most prominent factions of the planet. It would be the time to forge alliances that could last for ages to come.</p>
      <p class="subsq">No faction dared take it lightly. All with just the slightest hint of competency knew this, and even if they didn’t have the smarts, most at least still had intuition skills related to being a City Lord that made them aware of how important it was.</p>
      <p class="implicit-break"></p>
      <p class="first first-in-section first-full-width">&quot;Jake, what the hell are you doing!?&quot; Miranda yelled as she stood half-panicked at the Pylon, watching a figure descend carrying what looked like a small fucking island with a plant on it.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Jake’s response was to throw Neil, who stood beside her, a glance and a smile. &quot;Big hole there, now,&quot; he said as he pointed at the ground beside the lodge.</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;You want to—&quot; Neil started before Jake just threw him a glance. Neil sighed and used his space magic to create a hole in the ground by teleporting a cube of dirt away—a task he had done quite a lot these days while helping with the construction efforts at the Fort.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Jake happily plopped the tree down, then began filling the hole with dirt and trying to make sure it would survive.</p>
      <p class="subsq">The flight back had sure as hell taken a bit longer than expected. Who would have thought that flying with an ancient-rarity natural treasure would attract attention? Well, he should have guessed it… Either way, the banana tree was safely returned with… nine minutes remaining.</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;I need a shower,&quot; he said as he stood there, covered in dirt. At least he had managed to pump enough mana into the self-repair enchant during the flight back to restore his clothes to top condition.</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;Then hurry up!&quot; Miranda yelled, her panic overpowering her usual restraint.</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;Geez, I’m on it, I’m on it…&quot; Jake said as he jumped over to the pond. He entered it, then swam around a little before jumping out and, with his mana, pushing off all the water to dry himself. A final Alchemist’s Purification was used on himself for good measure.</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;Alright, ready to go!&quot; he said as he stood there, staring at them.</p>
      <p class="subsq">All of them looked at him a bit hesitantly before Lillian finally spoke up. &quot;We did kind of plan on going with more… formal attire.&quot;</p>
      <p class="subsq">To which Jake had the perfect response.&quot;Excuse me, this is premier dungeon boss fur and leather…&quot;</p>
      <p class="subsq">Which was about as far as they got before a system message popped up in front of Jake and Miranda, warning them there was one minute left. Jake had also gotten one at the one-hour mark, which had been a bit stressful.</p>
      <p class="subsq">With everything ready, the four of them prepared for the start of the first World Congress.</p>
    </div>
  </div>
</body></html>