<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><html xml:lang="en" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en"><head>
  <title>Copyright</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../Styles/style0001.css"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../Styles/style0002.css"/>
</head><body>
  <div id="copyright" class="element element-non-bodymatter element-container-single element-type-copyright element-without-heading" epub:type="copyright-page">
    <div class="text" id="copyright-text">
      <div class="alignment-block alignment-block-align-center">
        <div class="text-block">
        <p class="alignment-block-content alignment-block-content-center copyright-content"><b>THE PRIMAL HUNTER 4</b></p>
        <p class="alignment-block-content alignment-block-content-center copyright-content"><b>©2022 ZOGARTH</b></p>
      </div>
      </div>
      <p class="first first-in-chapter first-full-width copyright-content"><sup>This book is protected under the copyright laws of the United States of America. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form or by any means, without the prior permission in writing of the publisher, nor be otherwise circulated in any form of binding or cover other than that in which it is published and without a similar condition including this condition being imposed on the subsequent purchaser. Any reproduction or unauthorized use of the material or artwork contained herein is prohibited without the express written permission of the authors.</sup></p>
      <p class="subsq copyright-content"><sup>Aethon Books supports the right to free expression and the value of copyright. The purpose of copyright is to encourage writers and artists to produce the creative works that enrich our culture.</sup></p>
      <p class="subsq copyright-content"><sup>The scanning, uploading, and distribution of this book without permission is a theft of the author’s intellectual property. If you would like to use material from the book (other than for review purposes), please contact <a class="content-external-link text-is-url" href="mailto:editor@aethonbooks.com">editor@<wbr></wbr>aethonbooks.com</a>. Thank you for your support of the author’s rights.</sup></p>
      <div class="alignment-block alignment-block-align-left">
        <div class="text-block">
        <p class="alignment-block-content alignment-block-content-left copyright-content"><sup>Aethon Books</sup></p>
        <p class="alignment-block-content alignment-block-content-left copyright-content"><sup>www.aethonbooks.com</sup></p>
      </div>
      </div>
      <p class="subsq copyright-content"><sup>Print and eBook formatting by Steve Beaulieu. Artwork provided by Antti Hakasori.</sup></p>
      <p class="subsq copyright-content"><sup>Published by Aethon Books LLC.</sup></p>
      <p class="subsq copyright-content"><sup>Aethon Books is not responsible for websites (or their content) that are not owned by the publisher.</sup></p>
      <p class="subsq copyright-content"><i><sup>This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, or persons, living or dead is coincidental.</sup></i></p>
      <p class="subsq copyright-content"><sup>All rights reserved.</sup></p>
    </div>
  </div>
</body></html>