<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><html xml:lang="en" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en"><head>
  <title>Chapter 59: Executive Decision</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../Styles/style0001.css"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../Styles/style0002.css"/>
</head><body>
  <div id="chapter-59" class="element element-bodymatter element-container-single element-type-chapter element-with-heading" role="doc-chapter" epub:type="chapter">
    <div class="heading heading-container-single heading-size-full heading-format-full heading-alignment-flexible heading-without-image">
      <div class="heading-contents">
        <div class="title-subtitle-block title-block-with-element-number">
          <div class="element-number-block">
            <div class="element-number case-mixed"><span class="element-number-term">Chapter</span> <span class="element-number-number">59</span></div>
          </div>
          <div class="title-block">
            <h1 class="element-title case-mixed">Executive Decision</h1>
          </div>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
    <div class="text" id="chapter-59-text">
      <p class="first first-in-chapter first-full-width first-with-first-letter-m"><span class="first-letter first-letter-m first-letter-without-punctuation">M</span>iranda had been working at high speeds while making her way towards the Fort and waiting outside. Lillian fed her information as she traveled with the hawk, and she and Lillian managed to put two and two together after Phillip came back and told them the merchant’s name was Sultan. He was one of the people they had become aware of already, as he had made quite the name for himself in some of the surrounding cities.</p>
      <p class="subsq">A ruthless man with a massive ego, but one incredibly good at his job. He had bought and sold things in Sanctdomo, two of the other cities the Holy Church controlled, and many other settlements. Some Pylon cities, some not. The ship he traveled on was quite speedy, explaining how he could get around so much.</p>
      <p class="subsq">No one could really do much to him either. Sultan himself was powerful, and he’d had two slaves already near D-grade the last time he went to Sanctdomo. In Sanctdomo, he had “acquired” two more who were swiftly approaching D-grade. The first was a woman who had poisoned her former party members and been apprehended after one of the victims ended up being a close friend of a council member. Miranda guessed that was when the leadership of Sanctdomo had decided she was too much trouble.</p>
      <p class="subsq">The second woman was even worse. She was a Pathfinder—an evolution of Archer—specializing in some odd magic she had acquired from the tutorial store. She imprinted magical sigils on people and objects and used them to track things. It was an ability a lot like what Miranda herself could do with the Verdant Mark, except this woman could see through the eyes of the people she marked.</p>
      <p class="subsq">And what did she do with this? Well, she scouted. She’d been a premier scout of Sanctdomo for a while and used her sigils liberally. No one had questioned them, as they seemed so harmless. They’d spread to many people, and soon she’d had hundreds of them. Finally, she’d become so good at the skill she got a substantial upgrade to it … which was when she began becoming an issue.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Her mark had allowed her to always see, but now it didn’t even require the other party’s consent or knowledge. She’d become addicted to the knowledge and the feeling of control. She’d lived the lives of others, and especially one man she became infatuated with. She had been in a party with him, and they had gotten along great. All had gone well, until they returned… and she learned he had a wife and kids.</p>
      <p class="subsq">That day, she’d killed his family so he could be with her instead. But when she tried to get with him, he wasn’t the same anymore. He wasn’t his same bubbly self… so she got bored and switched.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Nine more families within the span of a month. Six wives, three girlfriends, fifteen children. She had a type, and that type was the man who already had everything. When she’d begun stalking her tenth victim, she was captured. After her capture, they’d done some digging and found out she had been locked up before the system as a serial stalker that had turned violent at times. The system had only made her worse, as now she could truly express herself.</p>
      <p class="subsq">As fucked up as it was, the month she had spent stalking men had given her more levels than anything before. As a Pathfinder, she gained massive amounts of experience from constantly avoiding detection and suspicion and stalking the men without them even knowing. She often also went without looking through their eyes, as she liked to watch them sleep. Of course, the carefully prepared killings themselves gave quite the experience boost too.</p>
      <p class="subsq">These two women were monsters, yet Sanctdomo had wanted to use them, so they’d had them imprisoned to continue serving the greater good through the use of their professions. But when they approached D-grade, Sanctdomo had an issue. They’d had no way to keep them trapped after the evolution. No D-grade with the skillset required to enslave them either.</p>
      <p class="subsq">That was when Sultan had come along and offered to take them off their hands. The current warden at the time, who’d been in charge of keeping them from committing more crimes, had agreed with permission from his higher-ups after Sultan paid a hefty sum.</p>
      <p class="subsq">This was all the research Miranda had time to do before Jake “invited” them in. It was about time too. The majority of the time had been spent juggling the influx of information from Lillian and an annoyed bird that wanted to break through the barrier right there and then.</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;Mister Sultan, your reputation precedes you,&quot; she said with a smile as she entered.</p>
      <p class="subsq">The man was an egomaniac, so stroking that ego would be wise. Miranda also noted that Jake hadn’t killed him yet, but clearly the “negotiations” weren’t exactly going well either. The sweat on Sultan’s brow was visible, and the four slave women were tense.</p>
      <p class="subsq">If Jake were the bad, scary cop, she would be the good cop. She had chosen to read Jake not killing the merchant outright as a sign he at least wanted to extract some benefits. Did she doubt for even a second that Jake could kill the five D-grades? No, not at all.</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;Ah, Ms. Wells,&quot; Sultan said, seeming almost relieved at her entrance.</p>
      <p class="subsq">She assumed it was because he was. He also threw a glance at Neil and Silas. Neil had been brought along because… well, he’d been there with Silas when Miranda asked to have him brought around. His lie-detecting skills would be useful. There wasn’t any fear of them resisting the skill, either, as that would just make the judgment even easier if they chose to do that.</p>
      <p class="subsq">While Miranda did have some trust in the information from Sanctdomo, she still chose to confirm it. A large part of her hoped that the women turned out to just be innocent blasphemers of the Holy Church or something silly like that. She doubted it but, at the same time, would verify.</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;Silas and Neil, please take those four into the cabin and check their stories,” Miranda said, summoning a chair from her spatial storage and sitting down. “Ladies, be aware that all it will do is make our decision here easy if you try anything. Mister Sultan, as the formal leader of Haven, I shall represent Lord Thayne as the liaison of Haven and try to reach a beneficial conclusion to this whole endeavor. But be aware that you have already broken the law, as slavery is illegal in Haven, so I expect a proper response and recompense.&quot; On second thought… she would just be the second bad cop.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Sultan looked a bit taken aback, but chose to apologize right away as he waved off the four girls. &quot;That must be my mistake; I was not aware it was outlawed and was not informed upon my arrival either.&quot;</p>
      <p class="subsq">The four girls followed Silas and Neil away. At least the man was reasonable enough not to argue. Jake staring at him the entire time sure didn’t help his situation either. Miranda smiled and responded to the veiled question.</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;Naturally, you weren’t aware. The law was just established a few minutes ago. We haven’t needed it yet, and have chosen to have the law work retroactively.” She left little room for any counterarguments. &quot;Now, please state your full purpose for coming here. With proper cause, we may be able to reach an agreement and a solution that does not result in receiving the capital punishment the law dictates.&quot;</p>
      <p class="subsq">Sultan had made another major miscalculation. Miranda didn’t like the guy at all either, and Jake had granted her the power to do whatever she wanted as the City Lord, which included randomly creating laws. As long as he agreed with them, there wouldn’t be an issue, and from her quick assessment, he seemed to be A-okay with outlawing slavery. Considering his hour-long rant on how fucked it was to enslave beasts during one of their dinners, she had assumed as much.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Miranda joined Jake in staring down Sultan as a new drop of sweat appeared on the man’s forehead.</p>
      <p class="implicit-break"></p>
      <p class="first first-in-section first-full-width">Jake gave Miranda a mental thumbs-up. He should have just waited for her from the start to have her deal with all this shit. It all seemed so damn complicated when it really shouldn’t be. Killing all five of them would be the simple solution, but would it be the best one? He wasn’t making decisions only for himself, but Haven as a whole.</p>
      <p class="subsq"><i>Now at least I’ll have the law on my side,</i> Jake thought.<i> Also, I should really ask Miranda about what the laws of Haven are.</i></p>
      <p class="subsq">If he had met Sultan out in the open while traveling or something, Jake would probably have just ignored him or killed him if he became an issue. If Jake got confirmation that even one of the women was innocent, or even if Sultan had lied a little about their circumstances, Jake would kill him. If Miranda ended up concluding killing Sultan would be the best course of action, Jake would kill him. Right now, he honestly didn’t care either way until he was certain about things.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Let’s say the women were as bad as Sultan claimed. Well, then they truly didn’t deserve his pity. If he just went around killing anyone who did stuff he disagreed with, he would be busy killing people who thought putting canned cheese on anything was acceptable.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Didn’t mean he didn’t have lines people shouldn’t cross. The torture part was just not okay, no matter how you spun it. That Jake would make sure the four were taken away, freed, or the last of Sultan’s slaves was a given from the very start. Also, dependent on what the women really had done… it wasn’t certain if he would respect their choice of slavery.</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;I came to Haven for four primary reasons,&quot; Sultan answered, holding nothing back. “Firstly, to find a home base to operate out of. I am aware you are among the leaders in building a spatial network, and Haven will no doubt become a well-known city across the planet due to Lord Thayne’s presence. Secondly, I will naturally join the Treasure Hunt, and I feel like I need an affiliation with a faction to do well there. I have made many enemies on my path already; I need some backing too. Thirdly, the benefits offered from a Pylon, including the System Store, are just too valuable to give up as a merchant. Fourth, I wish to simply do my work as a merchant here. Even if I am made to leave, I still hope to at least trade first. I do not doubt that Haven has many valuables to trade, just as I have many valuables to offer. To summarize, I want to work for and with Haven.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">Jake didn’t doubt for a second that Sultan knew he was in some deep shit, pretty much surrounded by enemies on all sides. To be honest, Jake was surprised he wasn’t just looking for an exit strategy. Did he still want to stay after just being threatened with capital punishment?</p>
      <p class="subsq">If he just left, that would also be a solution. Jake didn’t care enough to hunt them down, and Sultan didn’t strike him as the vengeful sort. He was a coward. There was no way he would risk his life for something as petty as revenge. The most he could do was attempt some economic damage, but Jake reckoned he was too cowardly to do even that.</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;This is a horrible way to try and join a settlement,&quot; Miranda said, shaking her head.</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;I very much realize that now. My antics don’t fit in as well here as I had come to believe through my research. You have my genuine apology for that. As I offered prior, the four women can be given to you as a form of apology. However, I am curious… How has Haven managed to deal with criminals so far? As far as I know, dealing with prisoners has caused many issues and debates in most other settlements. Conventional prisons aren’t exactly feasible anymore. Even Sanctdomo isn’t able to contain someone at D-grade yet.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;We don’t have many of those issues. Currently, we only give out smaller punishments, and those that would result in incarceration result in exile or simply capital punishment. So perhaps we’ve been lucky that we haven’t had that much crime. Worst were two cases of rape, and that one was an easy and swift death sentence, as the guy tried to run.&quot; Miranda waved it off. &quot;Besides, how is that any of your business?&quot;</p>
      <p class="subsq"><i>Oh, yeah, I remember that one. Some guy who got sniped when he tried to flee,</i> Jake thought, having no sympathy. Of course, by old-world standards, having capital punishments for most &quot;serious&quot; crimes would be excessive, but in this new world, it was just quick and efficient.</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;I guess it isn’t for me to snoop… I was simply curious if—&quot;</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;<i>Ree</i>!&quot;</p>
      <p class="subsq">Sultan was interrupted by Sylphie’s annoyed screech; Jake stopped rubbing her feathers. He looked over at Jake, and Jake just stared back at him as he slowly scratched the bird, which was now nuzzling up to his hand again. Neither spoke, and Jake fucking dared him to.</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;A beautiful hawk… I am sorry if I disturbed it, an—&quot;</p>
      <p class="subsq">Jake threw him a glance when he said “it,” giving the guy one more chance.</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;If I disturbed… h—&quot; Sultan watched Jake’s eyes closely &quot;—er. Please, take this as an apology.&quot;</p>
      <p class="subsq">Sultan summoned a small, round, marble-looking thing, and Jake used Identify on it right away. He also checked it for poison and anything else. What he had summoned was something Jake had encountered before when he researched making food for Sylphie.</p>
      <p class="subsq"><b>[Beast Pellet (Common)] – A beast pellet made by a talented cook using monster materials and herbs to create an artificial natural treasure. Consuming this will have no effects on an enlightened species but is highly beneficial to monsters.</b></p>
      <p class="subsq">As for Sylphie’s reaction? She looked over at the pellet for a bit and jumped down on the table, knocking over every single teacup and the two teapots—on purpose, as far as Jake could tell. Sultan still didn’t dare react, even when the tea dripped down on his pants. Sylphie went over and picked up the pellet incredibly slowly. She put it in her beak and ate it, crunching as she did so. Then she just wobbled off the table and leaped back to sit on Jake’s shoulder—disregarding Sultan all the while.</p>
      <p class="subsq">But… Jake could tell she liked the pellet. He had to admit; Sultan was smart. He had identified and tried to bring one of the most influential people in Haven to his side through bribery. And it had worked, because now Jake couldn’t kill him before figuring out where he’d gotten the pellet or if he had more.</p>
      <p class="subsq">It was at this time that Neil and Silas walked out of the ship’s cabin, both of them frowning.</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;So?&quot; Miranda asked, looking at Silas—but just looking at him, it was obvious.</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;Fuck the lot of them,&quot; Silas said, disgust visible on his face. &quot;Sometimes I really hate these shitty skills. I don't… I need some air…&quot;</p>
      <p class="subsq">Silas walked off the ship. Neil looked concerned after his friend as he sighed. Jake was also a bit surprised, as Silas had always seemed like a meek guy.</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;Neil?&quot; Miranda asked. Sultan just sat back with his eyes closed.</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;Two of them were as you said… but the other two… they’re worse,&quot; Neil said, shaking his head. Then he continued hesitantly, &quot;They were partners… and…&quot;</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;They tortured and killed five hundred and eighty-two people, including one hundred and seventy-two children, all in an attempt to upgrade an item through a curse-ritual that harvested resentment and pain,&quot; Sultan said, shaking his head. &quot;It took them a month of keeping them all alive and in constant agony. It only ended when the last person killed herself after her child’s soul broke. While I wouldn’t argue I am a good person, even I have standards. They were the first I ever took control of after they tried to ambush me on my travels, and I will understand it if you question me for keeping them around.&quot;</p>
      <p class="subsq">Jake looked up and over at Miranda and then back at Neil, who gave him an affirming nod and muttered, &quot;And they seemed damn proud of themselves too…&quot;</p>
      <p class="subsq">He threw a final glance after Silas, who was already far gone, but Jake could still see him shaking slightly. Jake decided there and then to make an executive decision as he put Sylphie down on the table. She read his mood and allowed him. Miranda looked over at him, and she understood as she made a subtle nod. He got up and received a few confused glances when he walked into the cabin with the four women.</p>
      <p class="subsq">A loud noise.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Two people were sent flying out through the side of the cabin and into the plains, a figure chasing them.</p>
      <p class="subsq">An explosion.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Yells and curses.</p>
      <p class="subsq">And then… silence.</p>
      <p class="subsq">A single person returned not even two minutes after departing and jumped back on the ship.</p>
      <div class="alignment-block alignment-block-align-center">
        <div class="text-block">
        <p class="alignment-block-content alignment-block-content-center"><b><i>*You have slain [Human - lvl 101 / Crudelis Hexer - lvl 109 / Experienced Silk Seamstress– lvl 89]</i></b></p>
      </div>
      </div>
      <div class="alignment-block alignment-block-align-center">
        <div class="text-block">
        <p class="alignment-block-content alignment-block-content-center"><b><i>*You have slain [Human - lvl 101 / Crudelis Hexer - lvl 107 / Recognized Jeweller of Zeil’Juia – lvl 91]</i></b></p>
      </div>
      </div>
      <p class="subsq">Jake walked over to the chair and sat down, cleaning his hands on his cloak. Sylphie just jumped back on his shoulder as if nothing had happened. Everyone looked at him.</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;Continue.&quot;</p>
    </div>
  </div>
</body></html>