<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><html xml:lang="en" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en"><head>
  <title>Previously on The Primal Hunter</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../Styles/style0001.css"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../Styles/style0002.css"/>
</head><body>
  <div id="introduction" class="element element-non-bodymatter element-container-single element-type-introduction element-with-heading" role="doc-introduction" epub:type="introduction">
    <div class="heading heading-container-single heading-size-full heading-format-full heading-alignment-flexible heading-without-image">
      <div class="heading-contents">
        <div class="title-subtitle-block title-block-without-element-number">
          <div class="element-number-block">
          </div>
          <div class="title-block">
            <h1 class="element-title case-mixed">Previously on The Primal Hunter</h1>
          </div>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
    <div class="text" id="introduction-text">
      <p class="first first-in-chapter first-full-width">Finally, out of the Tutorial, Jake is able to actually explore Earth and see what the transformed planet has to offer. And what it has to offer is a giant lightning tree on a massive cloud island he can check out together with his newly-gained hawk friend, which Jake naturally named Hawkie (yes, yes, very original name, but in his defense, it is a hawk).</p>
      <p class="subsq">On the way up to this cloud island, Jake and Hawkie kill a bunch of birds before finally encountering enemies that arrows do not work against: living clouds. Cloud Elementals, to be more exact. Not to worry, though, Jake had not wasted his time on learning mana-manipulation for nothing as he goes full-on mage to beat them. That is until he gets a notification that his Pylon of Civilization is under attack.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Flashing back a few days (because everyone loves flashbacks), we see that at his newly established “city” consisting of four people and a wooden lodge, Miranda, his newly employed City Lord, is figuring out her abilities—until a party of five appears nearby and makes contact. After some conversation, Miranda comes to learn that they are being chased. The group ends up staying, and they begin preparations for the upcoming attack.</p>
      <p class="subsq">The attackers are a group led by two comically evil characters, Abby and Donald, the cousin and uncle of Neil. Abby is a space mage, and Donald is a guy with a cursed sword who literally walks a path of power where he abuses and kills women and traps their souls. Yeah… maybe I overdid that one a bit, but I kind of wanted to show that the system was neutral when it came to morality, and even fucked up Paths were possible. And, hey, exaggeration increases understanding, right?</p>
      <p class="subsq">Anyway, evil attackers arrive, a fight ensues, and the good guys are obviously losing until a very pissed-off Jake returns, thinking Miranda has betrayed him and tried to steal the Pylon. After Jake understands the situation, we have one of those stereotypical face-slapping moments where he beats Abby and Donald, killing both and even stealing the cursed sword. Totally not something he can make into something very useful later.</p>
      <p class="subsq">It also turns into a great opportunity to finally expand the budding settlement further, even getting a space mage to join them. After this whole debacle, Jake flies off again to join his hawk friend and get some more levels. Shortly after returning to the cloud continent, Jake gets his final skill in E-grade and manages to kill his very first D-grade. His prowess impresses Hawkie enough that he invites Jake back to meet his family.</p>
      <p class="subsq">That is how Jake would come to meet a Mystsong Hawk (naturally called Mystie) and the mother of a baby hawk-to-be, as she is guarding an egg within a ritual circle to help strengthen the baby.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Throughout this all, our favorite snake god is also busy doing the usual snake god stuff, like killing gods from factions that refuse to fuck off or become his subordinates and taking over the massive planet the Order of the Malefic Viper is placed on. Good stuff all around on his end.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Back with Jake, the poor guy gets convinced to help with a ritual, and all he needs to do is help kill another D-grade. He does this by acting like human artillery, and he returns to help with the ritual. During the ritual, Jake does “stuff” and ends up influencing it a bit more than initially intended, something her parents sure would be happy for in the future. Jake gets given the egg to him to care for as he carefully carries it back to his lodge, the two hawks deciding to follow along, the presence of a powerful D-grade not at all disturbing to those there.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Not long after, Jake is asked to come along and finally make contact with another human settlement, making him leave Haven for something other than killing stuff… even if every damn reader of this genre knew that this little adventure would lead to killing stuff too.</p>
      <p class="subsq">This other settlement is an old fort that has been taken over by a guy called Phillip and is run by him (there is also a guy named Arnold here who makes drones and stuff. Not an important character at all, barely worth mentioning). The Fort is also under constant attack by angry monster cows, and they are having quite the problems, so of course, Jake steps up to help them with their bovine issues.</p>
      <p class="subsq">They repel the attack. Jake notices sketchy stuff, heads off, and does some actual tracking to figure out what the cause of these attacks is. He finds the source, a D-grade Minotaur Mindchief that has remembered his less-than-pleasant times in captivity and has some legitimate complaints about the farming industry. Sadly for the Minotaur, his hatred had turned into pure hate for humanity as a whole, and even more sadly for the Minotaur, it turned out to be specialized in mental magic. A school of magic, it turns out someone with a Bloodline to act not based thinking is quite good against</p>
      <p class="subsq">Jake ends up killing the Minotaur, but not before it unleashes its entire horde of angry cows upon the Fort. This ends up only being a chance for the D-grade hawk Mystie to show off by defending the Fort with Myst magic by summoning magical beasts and stuff.</p>
      <p class="subsq">After all this, Jake heads back to his settlement again and leaves Miranda and the others to handle the diplomacy stuff. Back there, he does some alchemy, upgrades some stuff, strengthens his hatred of blue mushrooms by nearly getting killed by the one below the settlement as it turns out to be a powerful D-grade, and prepares for the egg to hatch.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Surprising no one, the baby hawk egg hatches as a Sylphian Eyas, a far more powerful variant than either of her parents.</p>
      <p class="subsq">This baby hawk is named Sylphie. That is at least more of a real name than her parents. Jake quickly comes to like this cute and very eloquent baby hawk. Who doesn’t like cute murder birds, right?</p>
      <p class="subsq">With a baby hawk to take care of, Jake chills a bit with the hunting for a while. Chilling in this context meaning more alchemy and preparing to kill the hated mushroom that nearly killed him. But this time, with science!</p>
      <p class="subsq">The guy Arnold I just told you not to worry about comes in here and provides some poison injectors to poison the ground the mushroom is growing in. A bit later, Jake also finally does some transmutations and upgrades Touch of the Malefic Viper by taking the cursed scimitar from earlier that I also told you wouldn’t be important and turning it into something important.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Oh yeah, a bunch of stuff also happens to secondary characters in this book. Carmen, from the intermission I know you all read in book 2, claims a Pylon and most other notable figures on Earth (most of which were introduced in the Intermissions. Read the damn Intermissions) also claims Pylons, and it is announced that soonish the World Congress will begin, finally allowing the scattered Earthlings to meet.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Miranda also ends up getting blessed by the Verdant Witches, allies of the Malefic Viper, making her position as Jake’s de facto assistant (read: babysitter) official. They also decide to name the “city” Haven (yeah, I know, it sounds generic, but a bit of fun trivia here. Haven also means “the garden” in my native language, and I thought it fit, so suck it).</p>
      <p class="subsq">Back with Jake, his plans for the D-grade mushroom end up working out, and he kills the damn thing. With his arch-nemesis killed, it is some to evolve to D-grade himself to truly show the blue bastard who is boss.</p>
      <p class="subsq">The evolution to D-grade turns out to be rather uneventful, at least for his race. When it comes to class, it is a bit more exciting as Jake becomes an Avaricious Arcane Hunter, getting a far better variant of class than what he had in E-grade, as well as some cool skills. He flexes a bit on the hawk family before moving on to the profession.</p>
      <p class="subsq">After upgrading his profession to Heretic-Chosen Alchemist of the Malefic Viper (quite a mouthful, I know), Jake gets a new skill to see Records of the past related to the Malefic Viper. He does this and sees a vision of back when Villy was only C-grade, all with the purpose of letting him experience the Legacy skills of his Patron.</p>
      <p class="subsq">After that, Jake sees it is only five and a half days to the World Congress, but he still decides to head out and learn about his newfound power a bit. Heading out, he—</p>
      <p class="subsq">Oh, wait, this was where I decided to end book 3.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Book 4, go!</p>
    </div>
  </div>
</body></html>