<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>part0042</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../page_styles.css"/>
</head>
  <body class="class4">
<div class="class_s8f1"><div class="class_s8d"><div class="class_s9"><div class="class_s10"><p class="class_s11">Chapter 38</p></div></div><h1 id="id__798_128_" class="heading_s1h">A Truly Delusional Goal</h1></div></div>
<p class="class_s8h3"><span class="class_s8h1">J</span>ake received varied reactions upon joking with Minaga. Casper smirked slightly, Carmen gave the Unique Lifeform a friendly wave, Caleb looked a bit worried, Maria was still not entirely over the guy just popping into the room, and Jacob looked more confused than anything. Eron and the Sword Saint both looked relaxed, with Eron bowing his head slightly, making Jake surer than ever that the guy knew something they didn’t about Minaga.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“A good joke begets repetition,” Minaga answered, still standing on the ceiling. “Plus, it works every time, so why not keep doing it? Just because you are never surprised doesn’t mean others can’t enjoy the experience.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Throwing the startled people in the room a glance, Jake smirked. “They sure look to be enjoying your presence.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Who doesn’t feel happiness at my presence? Look at me; I am always in my own presence, and that has turned me into a very joyful and positive person.” Minaga stopped sticking to the ceiling and did a flip before landing on the floor. “For the record, Casper and Jake are both correct when it comes to their assessments of me. I monitor how people do my labyrinth to find places I can improve, but also to get a feeling for the general <span id="page_390"></span>power level of the generation. It’s good research and valuable data.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“As for engaging with you while doing it… well, that is purely for entertainment purposes, of course! To add a unique flair of me to the experience, making my part of Nevermore truly stand out.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Does it not hurt the competitive integrity of Nevermore that you so openly interfere and engage with the individuals doing the dungeon?” Jacob asked, looking to have gathered some courage with all of them present. “Especially as you take a subjective disposition toward each party, either becoming a helpful or detrimental force?” He still did look pretty damn nervous just asking those questions.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Eh, nothing is ever perfect,” Minaga said, waving him off. “With how varied the multiverse is, creating a truly balanced playing field is utterly impossible, and adding myself and my mostly meaningless commentary is such a small factor it isn’t worth mentioning. I have said it before, but if my talking and commenting are enough to throw you off your game and make you fail, then you have bigger problems. In other words, stop being so damn punctilious with how you think a dungeon is supposed to be run. The multiverse isn’t fair, and neither is Nevermore. What it does give is mostly equal opportunities, and so do I.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“How is it mostly equal when some Paths are downright handicapped while others are assisted?” Jacob argued.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“How is it mostly equal when someone with a Bloodline or a Transcendent can walk in and ignore ninety percent of the challenges?” Minaga pointed out as he threw Jake a glance.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“How is it fair when some are not only immune but can use the fire energy of the Demon Lord to empower themselves?” he continued as he pointed at Maria.</p>
<p id="page_391" class="class_s8h2">“When others are borderline invincible, no enemy capable of breaking through their sheer level of durability or seemingly infinite health pool?” he went on, referring to both Carmen and Eron.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Or… when someone is able to continuously resurrect a party member of theirs, allowing that party member to repeatedly burn their very life away to release suicide attacks over and over again?” he finished, looking straight at Jacob.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“My point is that you can cry about equality or fairness from now till the end of the multiverse, and you will sound like an idiot all the way.” Minaga smirked. “So embrace the unfairness and overcome it. That is how you become strong. I should know, seeing as I am a Unique Lifeform. I was born only being awesome and managed to overcome that fate to become amazingly awesome.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“I, for one, commend assisting dungeon engineers,” Casper said, raising his hand.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Minaga smiled confidently at Jacob. “See, I have the crowd on my side.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The Augur seemed to consider the Unique Lifeform’s words. Then he just sighed and nodded. “Very well… It is ultimately your creation.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Exactly. But if you do have any grievances, you can file a written complaint after you have completed Nevermore, and I will be sure to read it. I am not saying I will do anything, but I do read every written complaint we get.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“How many written complaints do you even get a year?” Jake questioned.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Well, we don’t really count them by the year… but at least one every million years or so,” Minaga said, nodding. “People just can’t be arsed to go through proper procedures to submit them, you know?”</p>
<p id="page_392" class="class_s8h2">“Pray tell, what are these totally reasonable procedures?” Jake smirked.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Well, first of all, you need a written letter, right?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Right.” Jake nodded.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“And you need to go to Nevermore,” Minaga continued.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Reasonable.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Exactly. Anyway, once at Nevermore, you just have to take the final step of handing the letter to the Wyrmgod or myself. See? Super simple.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Definitely simple and easy.” Jake grinned. “I am sure you two meet with anyone who comes by.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Of course we do! Sheez, what do you take us for? We meet with all gods that come by within the very reasonable waiting time of a single second to a few eras, based on how much we like the god that showed up.” Minaga capped his words off with a resolute nod.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“You just said again that you are actually a god,” Jake pointed out.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“That, I never did.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“No, I am pretty sure you just implied it very heavily.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Circumstantial evidence is not solid proof of anything, and I deny all such accusations. It’s all hearsay!”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Not hearsay when you were the one who said it,” Casper jumped in.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Casper, I thought we were on the same team here,” Minaga muttered, looking all sad.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“You’re right,” Casper said, nodding and smiling before looking at Jake. “He is clearly not a god, and if you keep making such unfounded accusations, we will file an official complaint with the Order of the Malefic Viper based on your conduct.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Very well—I shall retract my slander immediately,” Jake said, going along with the joke as he stood up and bowed. “I <span id="page_393"></span>apologize on behalf of my client—myself—and wish to settle this matter amicably.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Apology accepted; I am glad we could reach a settlement.” Minaga smiled wide, clearly having fun. Still smiling, he looked around the room. “Anyway, are there more questions? If not, then we must get to the juicy bits…”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“You mean…” Jake began as the Unique Lifeform grinned.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Time to discuss the wonderful harem floor!”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Oh, the thirty-fourth floor?” Jacob began. “That one was quite interesting, and we were⁠—”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Fucking boring is what you were,” Minaga said, disappointed. “You just made friends with everything that wasn’t a demon or the Prime Consort, and that was it. I am not saying that wasn’t allowed, just that it was thoroughly uninspired.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jacob smirked and lifted his hands defensively, not offended at all.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Oh,” Caleb sighed. “I guess ours was also pretty uneventful.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“You assassinated everyone and left the floor before anyone even knew you were there,” Minaga said. “You didn’t even exchange a single word with any living being outside of that first demon. It was pretty damn good to see the sneaky boys strike like daggers from the dark.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Caleb smirked. “Well, then, glad you liked it.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Annoyed, Carmen said, “Why the hell did we not do that? That would have been way better than trying to make friends with all those fuckers…”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“You punched the first Mistress you met because she tried to flirt with you,” Minaga said with a deadpan face.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“I thought she tried to attack me.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“She tried to hug you.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Which can be considered an attack.” Carmen smirked. “But, hey, things ended well, didn’t they?”</p>
<p id="page_394" class="class_s8h2">With a light mood, they all shared their various experiences of the floor, with Carmen naturally going first. They had made the Second Mistress into the new Prime Consort and gained access to all the Secret Scrolls through that. Maria’s team turned out to have a demon on it, and through some proper subterfuge and powerful illusion magic from this demon, they’d managed to convince the Prime Consort that the demon would be a better candidate for the next Demon Lord…</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Only for him to end up in the same situation Jake had experienced: Poisoned with the intent to throw him into a ritual. The difference was that while Jake had resisted the poison, this demon hadn’t, and the guy had been damn close to dying. Luckily, they’d managed to save him in time and kill the Prime Summoner. All of the Mistresses and even the Guard Captain had witnessed the Prime Summoner try to sacrifice him, and the group had managed to spin a tale where they had taken down the corrupt Prime Consort who wanted to replace the Demon Lord. From there, they’d been welcomed into the Demon Lord’s castle as heroes.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Casper had a pretty normal experience. They had worked with natives from earlier floors and made some allies and enemies on the thirty-fourth, initiated a vote, and started an internal conflict that ended up creating enough chaos for them to get the Secret Scrolls and move on before a new Prime Consort was even elected.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">When they finally got to Jake and his party… Minaga had a hard time holding himself back as the Sword Saint gladly narrated their tale. The Unique Lifeform jumped into the conversation to confirm all the stupid stuff that had happened and even praised the Sword Saint for properly understanding the assignment when the floor was called a harem. They also all had a good laugh when Minaga took over and narrated Jake’s “flirting” with the Prime Consort. Jake had to threaten Minaga <span id="page_395"></span>to stop him from sharing a recording of the entire scene, much to the disappointment of everyone present, especially Carmen and Caleb.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">They continued to share some funny anecdotes before the attention turned to the last person in the room. Eron had been pretty silent, and the Sword Saint finally asked him directly, “How did you and your party take on that floor?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Eron just smiled lightly as he looked at Minaga. The Unique Lifeform seemed powerless, sighing before speaking, “Well… the rules of the floor said you could not kill the innocents there… but… I guess the concept of death can have many interpretations.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“We did not kill a single entity on that floor,” Eron said, smiling.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Technically not”—Minaga shook his head—“but is there truly that big of a difference between what you did and just killing them?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Yes, there is,” Eron said, not a trace of doubt in his voice, “for they still live. Their sparks still burn… and do not try to convince me that the original, dull flames of their souls had any more meaning than what they do now. They were aimless vessels from the beginning.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Minaga didn’t really say more, but he seemed to have lost some of his enthusiasm. “What a bummer. Anyway, my objective here is done, and I guess I should leave you all alone again. See you all soon, and I hope you continue to enjoy your time in my little city!”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">With that, he was just gone. Seeing as the Unique Lifeform had left, the others also soon began taking their leave, with Jacob heading out first. The Sword Saint followed soon after, and the others trickled out one by one until two remained: Jake and Eron.</p>
<p id="page_396" class="class_s8h2">Jake knew that was no coincidence. He felt the gaze of Minaga still on them, but he threw a brief look toward the ceiling as he frowned, making the god back off. He seemed to understand Jake was about to say something he did not want to spread anywhere, and he respected that.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“I take it the gazes of all those curious are now dispelled,” Eron said in a relaxed tone.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Why did you come here?” Jake asked as he nodded to confirm. “You were less than interested in the actual meeting, and I don’t believe you came just to learn about Earth.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“I do care about my home planet, and I am glad to see it doing well,” Eron spoke as he leaned forward and looked at the floor for a bit. “But you are correct. My primary reason for attending was not to learn of Earth or those we share a home planet with. I came to seek you out, and I would’ve preferred that it happened under less suspicious circumstances than a one-on-one meeting.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Why?” Jake questioned.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Eron smiled. “You talked about goals for gaining power earlier… but none asked me.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Neither did you volunteer anything.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“True, indeed… for my goal would perhaps be seen as more delusional than those of others,” the other Bloodline Patriarch said. “Have you read through the journal I gave you during the Treasure Hunt?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“A bit of it, yeah.” Jake nodded. He had to admit, most of it was just mumbo-jumbo, but some insights had led to significant improvements in his health potions.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Have you shared it with anyone else?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake shook his head. “No.” Eron had given it to Jake, and sharing would have been pretty rude, as it clearly contained personal insights.</p>
<p id="page_397" class="class_s8h2">“I see,” the healer said with a tinge of regret. “Perhaps that is for the best, though I would have been curious what the Malefic One thought of my insights.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“I can ask him when we next speak.” Jake shrugged.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“I do believe that would be for the best, but do also take this,” Eron said as he took out another journal. This one was even bigger than the other one, and after Jake accepted it and flipped through a few pages, he frowned.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“What even is this? This isn’t just soul magic… but….”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“No,” Eron said, nodding. “No, it is not.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“What the hell…”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake kept flipping through, trying to get an understanding of what the hell Eron was researching. The more he skimmed, the more perplexed he became.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Every living being has a spark… Even your Risen friend has one, though it is no longer a true flame. Yet it burns nevertheless. The problem lies in exactly this. My Bloodline allows me to see a spark—a representation of the vessel that holds the vital energy of all entities—but with some practice, I came to see more than just the vital energy. I could get glances at the soul, and only then did I understand why it was a spark. Because for there to be sparks… something has to burn.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Eron looked deep in thought as he continued, “I saw a god after learning more of my powers, and the sparks of gods are truly different. Not just in intensity and power, but on a purely qualitative level. They are far different from what any grade evolution could possibly lead to, which made me question… What is this fundamental difference?” Eron went over and flipped to a page in the large journal.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake stared at the drawn diagram there for a second as his eyes opened wide. “You’re serious?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“I am… and to do it, I acknowledge I may need all the help I can get, Harbinger of Primeval Origins,” Eron said with a deep, <span id="page_398"></span>knowing smile. “Perhaps this ability of yours will be key, for we will need things not within the purview of the system.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“This is beyond delusional… but…” Jake frowned more and more.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Eron truly did have a goal that was beyond what Jake had expected… What most expected, no less. While Jake and the Sword Saint wanted to reach the apex of power through their Paths, Eron did not. His mind had been far more singular from the beginning, and he had just one goal:</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“I want to protect life… to never see that spark extinguish. To see them capable of forever growing. I realized one enemy is more dangerous than any other to all but the gods. That is when I understood the fundamental difference between all other grades and godhood. We are mortals… they are immortal. Their sparks burn eternally, their Truesouls producing an infinite amount of fuel.” Eron took a step back and smiled widely with an almost fanatical look. “I want to conquer the greatest enemy of all life in the multiverse… of all souls. I want to heal and cure the one ailment none but the gods can recover from, no matter how strong.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Time…” Jake muttered.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Eron’s goal was indeed that of a fucking lunatic…</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">He wanted to create a cure for mortality… or, at the very least, become able to heal away the march of time itself.</p>
</body>
</html>
