<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>part0037</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../page_styles.css"/>
</head>
  <body class="class4">
<div class="class_s8f1"><div class="class_s8d"><div class="class_s9"><div class="class_s10"><p class="class_s11">Chapter 33</p></div></div><h1 id="id__798_123_" class="heading_s1h">Light, Death, Void</h1></div></div>
<p class="class_s8h3"><span class="class_s16">“<span class="class_s79b">T</span></span>yranny has run rampant for too long,” Jacob said, his voice echoing throughout the large room, the many cultists and demons wary but listening. “For how long will you live in fear? For how long will you live under a system of oppression, where you are treated like nothing but objects by a creature that cares not for any of you? Are you willing to face us, risking your lives for someone who hides away within his castle, unwilling to help you? Will you die for someone that would not even shed a drop of blood for you?</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“I am not asking any of you to lay down your lives for me… All I ask of you is to not take up arms. Allow our passage, and help us only with your prayers and well wishes. We have come to carry out justice, and you are not yet guilty of anything but being oppressed. Stand behind us, and I swear that the Demon Lord will face righteous judgment and an end to his tyrannical reign.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jacob stood atop a floating, golden platform summoned by the light mage in his party. Bertrand stood beside him, ready to react should anyone make a move. To his other side, the Knight of Light’s Dawn stood with a smile on his face, as did the Old Royal Mage. In fact, they had an entire group from the <span id="page_339"></span>ambiguous “kingdom” these semi-sapient creatures called their homeland.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“He speaks the truth,” one of the people with them said—a woman wearing a cultist robe, formerly known as the Prime Summoner. “I, too, was fooled, and now I can only try to pay recompense for once more releasing the evil Demon Lord Gubrothas. These heroes have given me a chance to, and I implore you all to join hands with us to create a better future.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jacob amplified her words using his own skills as he saw doubt marring the faces of all those below. A few Mistresses had even appeared, though the Prime Consort was yet to be seen. Not that he was worried… He could feel from the crowd the situation was under control. If not, they still had the option to fight—a scenario in which they would always win.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Minaga’s Labyrinth, as this part of Nevermore was called, had truly been a mixed experience for Jacob. On the one hand, it had allowed him to make use of his skills as an Augur to negotiate and create allies, but on the other, it had completely screwed over his abilities as an Augur when it came to navigating the labyrinth itself.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">On all of the prior floors, Jacob had easily divined the best way to proceed. This had allowed them to fly through the floors at a record pace, and their party had racked up more points than expected, even setting a new point Record as they passed the city floor between twenty and twenty-one.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Once they had arrived in the labyrinth, finished being briefed, and picked the Archmage difficulty, he’d begun his divination once more. Minaga had looked at Jacob funny during the entire briefing, and Jacob did feel like something was slightly wrong as he divined which way they should go. He had still chosen to believe it… A big mistake, in retrospect.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Rather than lead him to the rooms with keys, all his divination had done was lead them straight into traps over and <span id="page_340"></span>over again until, finally, they’d reached a dead end that featured a giant mural of Minaga laughing. The Unique Lifeform had naturally added an audio track to the mural himself.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">From there, High Justiciar Elevian—the co-leader of their party alongside Jacob—had decided that perhaps they should shelve the divination for now. This had proved effective, as they’d stopped relying on purely magical means and shifted to some far more manual ones. Scouts had been sent out, light magic had been shot in different directions to measure distances, and when they’d found their first group of natives from the labyrinth, they’d made use of them. They’d been pretty easy to convince, and Jacob had quickly realized they were almost pre-programmed to want to assist him, making his job far easier than he would have expected.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">It was certainly easier than what he had been doing before entering Nevermore.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jacob had never truly left Earth before the invasion of Ell’Hakan, apart from being teleported away for events or short training stints. However, as he left this time, he’d been tasked with a simple job… Go out into the multiverse and see it for yourself. The A-grade Grand Master had been assigned as his protector during this time, but Jacob was still allowed to go where he wished… so he’d followed his Path as an Augur and sought out those he could help.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">He'd visited planets untouched by any factions. Places where D-grades were viewed as demi-gods that could dominate entire kingdoms. Worlds so bereft of Records that a C-grade ever appearing was impossible unless a miracle occurred, such as a random Bloodline being born or the rise of an individual with talent allowing the person to elevate themselves above their fates.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">There were worlds where the humanoid races were barely surviving as beasts dominated. Worlds where war raged, with <span id="page_341"></span>incompetent leaders willing to kill anyone with talent out of fear that they would be surpassed.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jacob had many doubts about the Holy Church, and a brief stint of exploration wouldn’t change that. However… he had long suspected it, but now he knew for sure that the multiverse was far from a kind place to the weak. The lost would falter in the dark endlessly if they did not have any guidance such as the Records of greater factions lifting them up.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">A high tide raises all ships, and the Holy Church was the greatest tide of them all. Yet Jacob was determined not to allow himself to be swept up in it. He would be a lighthouse on solid ground, guiding the ships that would find themselves lost. And, at least for now, he would guide them towards the Church.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Because even if the Holy Church was not the best… for the weak, was there truly a better choice?</p>
<p class="class_ssv">“I swear on the Blightfather, my skill said it was this way!” Maltrax, the beastkin undead, said as she manipulated some odd ash before sniffing it. “It is as if it isn’t working as intended, but… no, I can do this!”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Told ya we were walking in circles.” Casper shrugged, unbothered.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“I… It may be that way? Yeah, it definitely is that way!” Maltrax insisted.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Casper sighed. “If by ‘it,’ you mean more traps, then yes, it is that way.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">They had been on the thirty-first floor of Nevermore for nearly twelve hours already, and had spent all that time getting fucking nowhere. At first, they had used the ghost summoned by the banshee in their party, but that had quickly proved ineffective when they got disoriented and lost their way within <span id="page_342"></span>the fog. Some of them had even ended up fading, having failed to find their way back to the banshee.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">After that, Maltrax the beastkin had taken charge and used her tracking. She’d initially been filled with confidence, but after leading them through over a hundred traps—Casper had forewarned them about each one—she seemed to be at her breaking point. Casper did offer input here and there, but she was too stubborn, so he didn’t bother arguing.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Azal finally glanced at Casper and also sighed. “You’re certain you can actually find the way?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Pretty certain, yep,” Casper said, nodding. He placed a hand on the wall and briefly closed his eyes. “Gotta head back to where we came from; we have been walking in the exact opposite direction of any keys for the last two hours.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“I… He is lying!” Maltrax said, frustrated.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Casper didn’t even bother arguing, yet Azal nodded and motioned for them to follow him. Three hours and a lot of complaining from Maltrax later, they stood in front of the second room they had encountered on this floor. The first one did not have a key.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“He… He just got lucky… There probably isn’t even a key here…”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">There was a key there.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Finally, Maltrax had to surrender and agree the dungeon engineer was indeed correct. Casper had to admit that things were far easier than he had expected. In fact, he would say his knowledge of dungeons was more valuable on this floor than the thirtieth, which made him wonder…</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Hey, Minaga?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">He got a few glances from his party members. They had discussed and agreed on engaging with the dungeon master as little as possible, but Casper felt like it was worth asking.</p>
<p id="page_343" class="class_sp">“What’s up? Or down. I guess it depends on your perspective.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“I don’t mean to accuse you of anything… but did you make your labyrinth incredibly favorable for people with dungeon-related skills?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">More glances at him, one of them quite stern, very clearly telling him not to piss off the Unique Lifeform. Casper still felt like it was fine, though.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s15">“Are you saying that I am purposefully making the dungeon easier for other aspiring dungeon masters?” </span>Minaga said in an angry voice. <span class="class_s15">“Are you insinuating that I would be so biased just because we both make dungeons!?”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Yes?” Casper answered with a deadpan face.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s15">“Good, because you would be absolutely correct!”</span> Minaga said in a gleeful voice. <span class="class_s15">“Man, you know how rare proper dungeon masters are these days? They all tend to suck or only pick up dungeon engineering in the later grades. True, it is difficult to do much while still weak... but that only makes those who succeed young more admirable! It is only natural that as a Progenitor Dungeon Master, I think you are a pretty swell guy.”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Dungeon engineers are actually that rare?” Casper asked with some genuine confusion. “Why? It’s awesome.”</p>
<p class="class_sp">“That’s what I always say! The problem is that you have to study a lot to learn proper dungeon engineering, and higher stats just make studying easier. Dungeon engineers also have the problem of being pretty limited in what they can do when not in dungeons, and nurturing one is pretty damn expensive. If you have a talented engineer, why not just convince him to be a formation master instead, as the required competencies overlap? At least, that is what all those <span id="page_344"></span>damn fools think, not realizing being a dungeon master is the greatest.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Their loss, I guess,” Casper said, shrugging.</p>
<p class="class_sp">“True that.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Casper felt a bit better after talking to Minaga, and the rest of his party members also looked at him differently, their wariness replaced with relief and recognition.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Azal even spoke through their telepathic link, <span class="class_s13">“For this labyrinth, you should take the lead. Good call on getting the Unique Lifeform on our side.”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Yeah, that hadn’t really been a plan, more just him being curious. But if he had permission…</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Say, you mentioned other groups when you talked earlier... Would you happen to know if others from my home planet also did your labyrinth?”</p>
<p class="class_sp">“A few, yeah.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“How about the Chosen of the Malefic Viper?” Casper asked curiously. Jake had to have come through already with their head start, right?</p>
<p class="class_sp">“Casper, rather than answer that, let me ask you something: Do you respect my work and the work of all dungeon engineers who try and create proper labyrinths?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“I would say so?” Casper answered, unsure why Minaga had even asked that. “Labyrinths are a pretty standard design form of dungeons, and this one is greatly designed and far more complex than I can even imagine. So, yeah, I do respect it, and dungeon engineers in general.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s15">“Well…”</span> Minaga said, his voice full of exasperation. <span class="class_s15">“Let’s just say</span> <span class="class_s79f">some</span> <span class="class_s15">people can’t appreciate good craftsmanship.”</span></p>
<p id="page_345" class="class_ssv">Nevermore City had calmed down for a while after the influx of pinnacle geniuses that seemed to arrive one after another petered out. All of the major factions had sent in their bids for the peak of the Leaderboards, hoping to claim the spot. The longer one waited, the harder it was, after all.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">One just had to hold the record for a single second to get the associated reward. Of course, one also had to pass a certain threshold of minimum points to even get the reward in the first place, but all of these top parties would reach that threshold. That meant they were truly competing with one another, and any record set by a group would make it harder to set a new one. As expected of a Leaderboard.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">However, one day, more than two weeks after everyone believed all the top parties had already entered, a new one appeared. To see the Dao Sect send a group vying for the top spot had already been a massive surprise to most information brokers, but it paled in comparison to this group. Because this group was not a faction… It was five individuals who all had one thing in common. One trait that made them all uniquely outstanding.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The first member was a more than three-meter-tall, muscular, hunched-over, cyclops-looking creature with an entirely black eye. Pitch-black chains hung from its body, rattling as it walked, yet these chains did not hit the ground; they simply phased through it like they didn’t truly exist. Its skin was entirely gray, and though many would likely confuse it for an undead creature, it didn’t give off any death-affinity energy. In fact, it barely gave off any energy, period. Even its aura was barely detectable, but those who could feel it were instantly put on edge.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">A second creature was simply a tattered cloak floating through the air, its hood an endless pit of nothingness. There were no limbs to speak of, and the entire ghost-like creature—<span id="page_346"></span>it was distinctly <span class="class_s13">not</span> undead—looked like it barely existed in the physical plane. Save for a few moments where an arm seemed to glimmer into existence floating beside it, holding a staff of some kind, it displayed no movements as it floated through the air together with the cyclops and the three other people in the auspicious party.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The third was at least recognizable as a member of a known race of the multiverse. Or at least, she had been one at some point. She looked like an elf of some kind, but not one anyone could quite place. Her skin was entirely white, to an almost frightening level, with black lines running through her in a pattern that acted like a mental attack whenever one laid eyes on it. Luckily, she wore a robe covering her body, but a few weaker D-grades did puke simply upon seeing her hand briefly. She had no hair, but her head was covered in odd, silky threads that extended toward the sky while dancing in an eerie pattern. Most of her face was obscured, as she wore a blindfold over her eyes, and her pale lips made her look almost like a walking frozen corpse. Ultimately, the only real reason people guessed she had once been an elf was her ears. As with the prior two, she could not be properly Identified. Nor could the next group member.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">This fourth individual was a humanoid-looking creature, but not one anyone could quite place. Partly because the head—the only thing visible—seemed to be in constant flux. The head was far larger than any regular creature’s and had four faces on it, each looking in a different direction. All of these faces shifted at every second, from female to male, elf to human, sometimes even adopting non-humanoid-looking races. The rest of the body was covered in a black robe, but one could faintly see the rustling of more than two arms beneath, and for a brief second, a long metallic limb showed from beneath the robe.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">These four all gave off the presence of otherworldly creatures, and none could be correctly Identified. It was as <span id="page_347"></span>though none of them truly belonged in the world, which partly made sense due to what they all had in common:</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">They were all touched and blessed by Void Gods. They were beings corrupted by the void. Creatures that had stared too deep into something mortals should stay far away from, and now found themselves forever changed by the experience. Yet they had survived, proving they were extraordinary just through that feat alone. It was common knowledge that those who delved into the powers of the void would be forever warped… yet…</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Somehow, the fifth member of this party was the one that stood out the most. Walking in the center of all these monstrous-looking creatures was a completely ordinary-looking human. He could even be Identified as such. He wore glasses, as he seemed to be reading something on the object he was holding, and his carefree demeanor made it clear he was entirely unbothered by the creatures surrounding him. His eyes—usually the most obvious sign of corruption—were normal, and he did not seem to hide anything under his clothes. Clothes that also did not fit the theme of black robes, as he had on pants with far too many pockets for someone with a spatial storage, along with a coat and apron and work boots. The only extraordinary piece of equipment he was his glasses.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">His normal appearance almost made him the most eerie of the group. Especially since he walked in the middle, indicating he was either the leader or the most prominent member of the party. Or maybe it had no meaning, as these were creatures of the void… and trying to understand the void was the Path of the mad.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">This group entered Nevermore without making any stops, uncaring about the many observers. Yet none dared approach them, fearing they could antagonize one of them.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Void Gods had no factions. They had no headquarters, no domains, no areas they controlled, or even buildings they <span id="page_348"></span>owned. It was simply impossible for them to. Yet none questioned their power, for the Void Gods were known and feared. Every single Void God was a being at the pinnacle—a creature that not even Primordials would dare call themselves superior to.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Those touched by the void were few and far between, and seeing five gathered in one spot was already extraordinary… much less five individuals all blessed by Void Gods. This meant they had likely interacted with the void by laying eyes on their Patrons without averting their gazes. A truly foolish endeavor, where one could only expect madness or death to follow. Yet these people had managed to retain their egos.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">One thing was for sure… The top factions had just gotten themselves another party to compete with. This party being “late” was no comfort to them, either, because if there was one type of magic that could break a scenario and allow a party to advance fast, it was magic with its Origin in the void.</p>
</body>
</html>
