<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>part0061</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../page_styles.css"/>
</head>
  <body class="class4">
<div class="class_s8f1"><div class="class_s8d"><div class="class_s9"><div class="class_s10"><p class="class_s11">Chapter 57</p></div></div><h1 id="id__798_147_" class="heading_s1h">City Floor Forty</h1></div></div>
<p class="class_s8h3"><span class="class_s8h1">J</span>ake and company spent a touch over two weeks just relaxing in the in-between room, having exerted themselves perhaps a bit too much during the Minaga fight. The fact that they’d just gotten cool new items they wanted to either absorb or experiment with was certainly also a factor.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">During this time, the Sword Saint managed to set up the Sword Formation within one of the bedrooms and even had a light spar with the Minaga clone. Testing revealed that only the Sword Saint could use the formation, so that was a bit of a bummer, but probably a necessary limitation for Minaga to even give it out. If not, it could maybe even have been used as a defensive formation, as it quickly became clear the Minaga clone in the formation could pretty much exert whatever force it deemed necessary.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Dina was enamored with her wooden branch and instantly got to work on a formation that would allow her to properly absorb it, though it didn’t seem like that would be a small project. Absorbing any kind of high-value item like that wasn’t something to be done haphazardly, according to her. Jake’s advice of just throwing it into a cauldron while mixing it with <span id="page_581"></span>a bunch of high-rarity stuff to see the results was not taken seriously.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The King was more relaxed with his gift; he’d eaten the Soulcore of Minaga the moment he got it and promptly begun meditating. The two weeks they waited before continuing was the time it took for the Fallen King to awaken once more. By the time he did, the cracks on the mask were fully healed, but nothing much seemed to have changed. Still, Jake reckoned he’d gotten good gains based on his uncharacteristically jovial mood.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Sylphie was the one who had gained the most precarious treasure, and Jake had to confess he was somewhat nervous about her using it. He had insisted on being present the first time Sylphie infused energy into the nest-like treasure. The bird had just sat in it like a normal nest, and after infusing some energy into it, she’d seemed to get sleepy and doze off.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">It had taken nearly five hours before she woke up again, only to yawn, say the dream-projection of the Sylph was super weird but kind of nice, then go back to sleep again. So, yeah, Sylphie was definitely loved by the wind, putting Jake at ease.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Speaking of Jake… with everyone else playing around with their loot, he naturally also got some alone time in with the Cradle of Soul’s Kindling. At first, he had just been infusing some energy into it while—pretty stupidly—testing how durable it was by trying to nick the urn. He couldn’t, and based on all the things he tried, he doubted any C-grade could even leave a mark. That isn’t to say B-grades necessarily could either, as Jake honestly had no idea how durable it was.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Ah, but he was also slightly productive.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake discovered that he could not only infuse his energy into the urn, but also look inside. And what he saw was astonishing. The description of the Cradle had talked about a world inside, but Jake had seen that more as either a metaphor or perhaps just a small space much like the inside of Sandy’s stomach.</p>
<p id="page_582" class="class_s8h2">What he found instead could truly be described as a world. A massive space resided within the Cradle, making it look like a miniature solar system. At first, Jake thought he was looking at a sea of stars, but then he noticed it was actually tens, if not hundreds of thousands of Soulflames burning in space. Some chased each other, some fled, some did nothing, and some simply found themselves consumed by the environment.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Solid walls formed the edges of this space, each made from different materials and featuring entire cave systems within them. Some of the walls were made of rock, others of metal, ice, wood, pure mana, water, lightning, clouds, pure light, pure darkness, and many more. Honestly, the entire place just didn’t make any sense, based on all the rules Jake knew of affinities. Yet it all seemed to be in balance, and on all of these walls and within all of these tunnel systems, Soulflames moved about.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">As he observed, Jake noticed what he believed was a Soulflame about to be born. He watched with excitement as the energy gathered, but he was soon left with wide eyes, as the process didn’t stop. The mana kept gathering until a fully formed elemental was just about to appear.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Right then, the entire world of the Cradle seemed to come down on it like heavenly judgment, and the whole elemental dispersed into pure energy once more, never truly being born. Having seen it once, Jake looked for more instances of this, and within less than an hour, he saw hundreds of similar cases. Watching this had answered one of Jake’s biggest questions: The Cradle wasn’t actually doing anything he didn’t already know was possible; it just did what was possible damn well.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">A Soulflame’s birth process was the same within the Cradle as in the outside world, except for the environment being more primed than usual, and whenever an elemental was about to be born, it would be instantly killed. That way, the Cradle avoided actual elementals ever appearing, which would <span id="page_583"></span>be counterproductive. While alchemists loved their Soulflames, elementals loved to consume them even more, as they were pretty much considered top-tier natural treasures.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Anyway, Jake felt a lot better after understanding exactly how the Cradle worked, and he infused plenty of his own arcane mana into it. After he had put in nearly his entire mana pool, he saw a pretty large sphere of it floating in the middle of space, covered by some kind of protective film that staved off other Soulflames while it grew. Jake had a good feeling this orb would continue to grow as he poured in energy, and eventually, his arcane affinity would begin to invade other places in the Cradle beyond this one orb.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">From there, the question of whether a good Soulflame would appear with his arcane affinity was still a matter of chance. The purpose of the Cradle was upping this chance and, through the sheer number of birthed Soulflames, creating one that was really good.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">This was how two weeks quickly passed, and then it was finally time to head onwards. Truthfully, they weren’t all in peak condition yet, but considering they were heading onto a city floor and assumed the difficulty of floor forty-one to be lower than the Minaga fight, they moved confidently through the gateway.</p>
<p class="class_s8t1">Congratulations! You have arrived on the eighth City Floor of Nevermore.</p>
<p class="class_s8v1">All violence outside of the arenas is strictly prohibited on all city floors. Challenge Dungeon(s) can be found in the central square. If Nevermore is left and reentered, you will automatically be taken to the latest city floor unlocked.</p>
<p id="page_584" class="class_s2vk">You have successfully completed the first portion of Nevermore, permitting entry to the middle floors of the C-grade section. From floor forty-one onwards, all floors will be significantly larger in scope. All basic floor completion bonuses will be increased tenfold to compensate for the increased floor sizes moving forward.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Did any of you know that Nevermore had portions like this?” Jake questioned after reading the message. He was mainly asking Dina but had phrased it as an open question to be polite.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">As expected, everyone shook their head except for Dina, who seemed to be in thought for a moment before answering, “I didn’t know for sure, but I had heard that sections existed… I had expected Minaga’s Labyrinth to be viewed like one of these sections—not that there was any kind of official segregation.” For some reason, she looked a bit apologetic.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Aight.” Jake nodded. “Well, can’t say I don’t welcome change, as I hoped Nevermore wouldn’t go back to the usual stuff before Minaga’s Labyrinth. Let’s hope the difficulty is also higher on these floors.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“If they are larger, there may be space for a wider range of difficulty on each floor,” the Sword Saint pitched in.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“Even if that is not the case, simply splitting up to complete the floors faster while facing challenges made for entire parties will naturally result in an increase in difficulty,”</span> the Fallen King also added.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Ree,” Sylphie said, contributing her own excellent point.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“True, true.” Jake nodded and smiled at the others. “Before we move on…”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">He got a few grins all around, as they all knew where they were headed.</p>
<p id="page_585" class="class_s8h2">Jake and company once more sought out the Leaderboards, curious as to whether they had managed to take the top spot back. Jake had confidence they had, as they had thoroughly cheesed floors thirty-six through thirty-nine, then done as well as anyone could on floor forty.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">When they saw the Leaderboards, he could only smile at the current top record.</p>
<p class="class_s8t1">Average Nevermore Points (Floors 1-40): 12,521</p>
<p class="class_s14">Current Nevermore Points Record (Floors 1-40): 54,373</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The top Points Records was the exact score they had, meaning they had indeed reclaimed the top spot once more. The difference was for how long. As mentioned, they had likely been faster than many other parties, and there was a good chance those just hadn’t arrived yet.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Looking at the average, Jake found it so low it was a bit silly, especially considering some people had less than this—it being average and all. Then again, seeing the more than four times higher Points Record that he and his party members held did put things into perspective.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Any party capable of even beating floor forty this early on in the integration and getting on the Leaderboards had to be pretty talented. A regular “elite” party from Earth likely wouldn’t even be able to beat the average, or at least, not yet. They would likely also take far longer than Jake and company. There were many floors before Minaga’s Labyrinth where one could just stay and grind levels for a while if they so desired.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">This would also not be done while beating many of the events, skipping a few bonus objectives or limiting <span id="page_586"></span>achievements. Things like the Demon Lord or Minaga fights were entirely out of the question.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“We reached the top spot again,” Dina said, smiling as she looked at the Leaderboards.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The Sword Saint nodded. “For now.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“It is no excuse to</span>⁠<span class="class_s13">—”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Yeah, yeah, no complacency, but keep going hard… You gave that speech the last time.” Jake smiled at the Fallen King.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“Words that should not be forgotten,”</span> the Unique Lifeform still insisted.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake couldn’t really argue against that. He studied the Leaderboards while the others chatted, also taking note of how few people were on this floor. Compared to Minaga’s city floor, this one was practically deserted. A few curious people had thrown glances their way, all of them far above their levels. Considering they were scouts from different factions, Jake reckoned they also knew who Jake and the others were and thus left them alone.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">As he stood there looking at the Leaderboards, Jake got curious about who else had passed them. Closing his eyes, he released a Pulse of Perception, scanning his surroundings and the people observing them. One of them wore a familiar robe and was located within a large building in the middle of the city with several deserted houses around it.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Say, wanna go check in with someone who might know a bit more about everything going on?” Jake asked.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Oh, the Order of the Malefic Viper has someone here?” Dina replied, instantly picking up on what Jake was asking.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">He smiled in response. “That, or some creep stole a robe from the Order and is impersonating a member.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“I see no harm in that,” </span>the Fallen King answered noncommittally.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“May as well,” the Sword Saint said, also nodding.</p>
<p id="page_587" class="class_s8h2">Thus, Jake led them toward the building with the scout inside. Not that it was needed, as Jake saw the scout making her way over to them the moment he began walking toward the house. A bit before, even, showing she had already decided to make contact.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">A few minutes later, a scalekin in a cloak with a familiar imprinted motif jumped down from a roof and landed in front of them, already on her knees. “This one greets the Chosen of the Malefic One and his comrades.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Hey, there,” Jake said, nodding as he identified the female scalekin.</p>
<p class="class_s9j1">[Acidfall Wyvern – lvl 294]</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake was a tad surprised at seeing a wyvern in humanoid form having taken up the job as scout and informant within Nevermore rather than just practicing themselves. He wasn’t going to ask, thou⁠—</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“Why is a wyvern with decent talent wasting their time playing attendant on a city floor like this?” </span>the Fallen King questioned.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Before Jake could even throw the Fallen King a glare, she responded, “I am not competing on any Leaderboards and have no need to hurry. I have only stayed here for a year while nurturing a natural treasure, and will continue my own descent in a few months. Thank you for your concern.” She flashed the kind of smile that wasn’t really a smile.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake just threw the Fallen King a glance, then turned his attention back to the attendant from the Order. “Ignoring that annoying interrupting Unique Lifeform, do you know a place where we can discuss privately?”</p>
<p id="page_588" class="class_s8h2">“Would right here be acceptable?” she asked. “My current base of operations is under a protective circle due to an ongoing experiment.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Sure, go ahead.” Jake shrugged and whipped out a set of chairs and a table he totally hadn’t stolen from one of Minaga’s in-between rooms. Totally not. And if he had, then it was the furniture’s own fault for being too comfortable.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">After they all took a seat, Jake began questioning the attendant about the event, all the while making sure no outsiders were listening in.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“We don’t know exactly how many parties have passed the True Ending event of Minaga’s Labyrinth, much less how many have done it without suffering any losses, but it is estimated that the number will rise to at least in the dozens over the coming period as more elites make it to floor forty,” the attendant said in a careful tone. “The event is only doable by parties who are competing on the Leaderboards, and even then, it has other requirements we are not entirely certain of.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“I, too, believe there are other requirements that are purposefully obscured,” the Sword Saint said curtly. “We also need to consider that not all parties manage to have every member make it through the entire fight. In fact, there is often at least one weaker link that is eliminated or just someone who finds themselves ill-equipped for the fight, particularly during the period where each combatant is separated into individual fights. If they are unable to hold on long enough themselves, that is an easy spot to lose a comrade.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The attendant nodded. “That is true, but we have no good way of determining either case, and we can only make educated guesses on who passed the True Ending event unless they outright state whether they did or not.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">It quickly became clear that while the attendant would happily give out information, she truly didn’t know much, and <span id="page_589"></span>she wasn’t even overly aware of the other big parties. Jake kept calling her an attendant, but in truth, she was also just doing Nevermore herself. She had been asked to stay on this floor in case anyone from the Order came by with questions, as she could work on her project on any city floor. That was also why she had been hidden when they arrived.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake and the others left the city floor soon after, seeing no reason to stay there. A few pulses from Jake also confirmed no one else they knew was there. The lack of reason to stick around was probably also why it was so deserted. Stronger parties especially saw no benefits, as there was an assumption that the following floors would be easier than the Minaga battle or whatever fight they’d had if they didn’t face Minaga himself—an assumption that was probably correct.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Alas, there was only one way to find out. Jake and company continued onwards with the hope that the following floors wouldn’t be too boring.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Who knows… maybe they could even be fun?</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Or horrible...</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">But hopefully fun.</p>
</body>
</html>
