<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>part0023</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../page_styles.css"/>
</head>
  <body class="class4">
<div class="class_s8f1"><div class="class_s8d"><div class="class_s9"><div class="class_s10"><p class="class_s11">Chapter 19</p></div></div><h1 id="id__798_109_" class="heading_s1h">Mistresses</h1></div></div>
<p class="class_s8h3"><span class="class_sub">I</span>t may be difficult to believe, but Jake had barely done any proper dating or even gone to any bars in past years. On second thought, it was probably entirely believable, considering he’d just been coasting through life before the system with little care about anything, just taking it one day at a time.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Even after the system, he hadn’t really done that much with other people that would be considered “normal.” Due to this, Jake felt far from confident as he entered a bar and looked around the place. It was old and medieval-looking, and was filled with people in black hoods, demons, and women and men who wore less than they probably should. Jake Identified a shirtless man currently chatting up a cultist and saw the general level.</p>
<p class="class_s9j1">[Courtesan – lvl 204 - Innocent]</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Gotta admit, I thought Courtesan was reserved for women,” Jake muttered to himself while still at the door.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s15">“Gender-neutral, actually,”</span> Minaga spoke.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Really? Huh, I guess you learn something new every day.”</p>
<p id="page_199" class="class_sp">“Not gonna lie… I am actually unsure if it is gender-neutral, but if it isn’t, then why did your translation skill phrase it that way? Definitely couldn’t be my mistake, so let’s just go with it being neutral, alright?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake nodded and smirked, not wanting to get into the most useless argument imaginable.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Nobody in the inn reacted despite the echoing voice of Minaga and Jake standing right there in the doorway. Without engaging in any major actions or dialogue, it was as if he was invisible. When he looked at the person the male Courtesan was talking to, he found a hooded man at a far higher level.</p>
<p class="class_svb">[<span class="class_s15">High-ranking Demonic Cultist – lvl 256 - Undetermined</span>]</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">It was Jake’s first time running into the Undetermined tag. He was likely supposed to learn information about the person to determine whether or not they were a valid kill target, but he didn’t really need to. Instead, he chose to just go to the bar and order something to drink. Before entering, Jake had taken a break in an alley and dolled himself up a little.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Dolled up,” here, meant using Shroud of the Primordial to change what he Identified as.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Without any idea if it would work or not, Jake had made himself appear as a level 240 Prodigious Demonic Cultist. He had considered adding another tag, such as one marking him as high-ranking, but had settled on Prodigious instead, as the system already used that word quite a lot for very talented people. If these people—or NPCs—could use Identify, he hoped they would find him worth approaching simply due to his tag, while at the same time not expecting him to actually know stuff <span id="page_200"></span>since he was a prodigy, not some official. It was a gamble, for sure.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Lo and behold, the moment the bartender turned to him, he called Jake “young master,” and within a minute, three Courtesans had taken the seats around him. Jake channeled his inner arrogant and disinterested young master as the two women and one man spoke to him, responding with one-word answers.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The attention was a tad annoying, but Jake wanted to make himself known to catch a bigger fish. Thus, he sat at the bar for around half an hour while having people buy drinks for him—something he had never tried before. So that was kind of fun, at least. Finally, after this half an hour, a new courtesan came up to him and handed him a small piece of paper while giving a wink.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake quickly checked the note and saw it had a name and address on it. The terms <span class="class_s13">name</span> and <span class="class_s13">address</span>, however, were used loosely here.</p>
<p class="class_s9j1">The Ninth Mistress would like to meet you, Prodigious Demonic Cultist, at her home, Residency Nine.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Yeah… Minaga had truly outdone himself there. Oh, to make it all better, Residency Nine was located just through the Ninth Gate. The Mistresses all had their own separate rooms with hallways leading into them. Jake had telepathically discussed why this might be with the others, and they’d settled on it being a concession to allow some form of combat. As a fog wall still separated all the rooms, information would not instantly spread, and random, wayward attacks would never hit this “main” city in the middle.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Without delaying, Jake left the bar, with no one even making an attempt to try and follow him. In fact, he saw through his <span id="page_201"></span>sphere that the moment he left the inn, they all just went back to making the same motions as before, with the bartender having cleaned the same unused glass a few thousand times by now.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Finding the gate in question was incredibly easy, as there were street signs everywhere informing him of the way to the different gates. Did it make sense that there would be street signs specifically pointing toward the homes of Mistresses? No, no, it did not.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Reaching the gate, Jake didn’t even have to say or do anything before the guard bowed. “We were informed you would come. Please enter.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Thank you.” Jake nodded as the gate opened and let him through, causing him to make a mental note that he then promptly informed his party of.<span class="class_s13"> “If someone else enters a gate to another room, you can sneak through with them, and with the mist, you will be hidden. The random residents here do enter the gates at times.”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“Ree,”</span> Sylphie informed him.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“Alright, never mind, then,” </span>Jake said. The hawk had already snuck inside a residence of a Mistress, it seemed, and was currently making friends with the Second Mistress—who had the great name “Two.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake had finally met his match when it came to sucking at naming stuff.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The room he entered after a very short hallway was just one large residence, which consisted of a large main building in the middle and four smaller houses off to the side. One of them was a guardhouse, one had other employees, and the last two looked to be guest houses that had Courtesans living there. From a quick Pulse, it appeared this layout was standard for all these rooms.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Shortly after he had entered the room, the same Courtesan that had handed him the note met him. How she had gotten <span id="page_202"></span>there so fast, considering Jake had headed straight there and not noticed her on the way, was a mystery. One he didn’t bother to question as she escorted him to the main residency where he would meet the Mistress.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Once inside, he went straight for her chambers while the Courtesan waited outside. Upon reaching the door, it opened by itself, and through it, he could see her obscured form.</p>
<p class="class_s9j1">[Ninth Mistress – lvl 253]</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake instantly took notice of the lack of “Undetermined” or “Innocent” after her name, which meant she was a person they were free to kill. Whether killing her would lead to other problems, however… Now, that was a whole other issue.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“My name is Nine—a pleasure to meet you, Prodigy,” the woman said. A large veil hanging from the ceiling hid her form, only allowing Jake to see an outline while still somehow permitting Identify. Of course, with his sphere, he could see her clearly and noted she was a beastkin of some kind. This did surprise Jake a little, as he had expected all of these Mistresses to be demons, given the race of the Demon Lord. Then again, not all of the Courtesans were demons either.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">As Jake considered these things, he didn’t even notice that several seconds had passed without him answering. He quickly collected himself and spoke, “I am honored to be invited by the esteemed Ninth Mistress.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Please, call me Nine,” she answered, making Jake want to reach through space and punch Minaga.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“As you wish, Nine.” Jake nodded, keeping his cool. “May I know why the Mistress wanted to meet with me?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Rather than fish for information, he’d let her divulge it of her own volition.</p>
<p id="page_203" class="class_s8h2">“You are new to this city, correct? From what I was told, you do not belong to any faction yet, and I hoped to recruit you to mine.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“While I am flattered, I will need to know more about what your faction is. I am currently unaware of the political landscape, as I just arrived in the city today.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Very well. I belong to the faction of the Prime Consort. We are competing with the faction formed by One, the First Mistress, who wants to become the Prime Consort. Our faction has three Mistresses within it, while the First Mistress has four others with her, meaning they have two more Mistresses than us, although we, of course, have the Prime Consort. The one remaining Mistress remains neutral, and we hope to turn her to our side in the upcoming power struggle.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“I see,” Jake said, glad she’d easily offered up so much information. “In that case, I would be honored to join you. However, how would my joining your faction help?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“It is possible a conflict may happen when we next convene, and we will need as many powerful individuals on our side as possible to intimidate the other side. If you assist us in defending the Prime Consort’s position, I am certain she will even allow you an audience with the Demon Lord himself so you can swear your fealty. Only the Prime Consort can open the Demon Lord’s castle while it is sealed, after all.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">With that one answer, she’d pretty much outlined the way to finish this floor. The goal was to find the exit—something Jake had technically already done, as he’d found it just past a sealed gate marked the “Demon Lord’s Castle”—but they naturally had to open this to gain entrance and finish the floor.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Are there any ways I can assist you and earn the trust of the Prime Consort?” Jake asked. He saw no reason to beat around the bush, so he just asked directly.</p>
<p id="page_204" class="class_s8h2">“If you can recruit more Courtesans to our cause, it would be incredibly valuable and strengthen the faction. While the guards currently remain neutral, if you could make them support us, it would also be of massive assistance. Finally, if you can turn any of the Mistresses to our side, it would be most helpful. If not, then see if it is possible to perhaps eliminate some of them, either through killing them or making them lose their positions to Courtesans allied with us.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake nodded at her matter-of-fact answer, deciding to take a chance. “I have also heard rumors of the Mistresses guarding Secret Scrolls, but I did not quite understand what they are.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“They are called Secret Scrolls for a reason,” the Mistress said dismissively.</p>
<p class="class_sbg2">Aight, worth a shot.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“I shall not ask more about them, then,” Jake said. “It is just that I heard some unsavory individuals were looking for them, so I wanted to warn you to make sure they are kept safe.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Do not worry. They are all safely guarded already.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Hey, he had to at least check if that one worked, right?</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Once more, I thank you for this audience. Do not hesitate to ask about anything further I can help with, but if not, I will set out.” Jake then bowed.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Do well, and you will be rewarded,” the Mistress said from behind the veil, clearly happy with Jake and what he had done and said.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Upon walking out of her residency, Jake was given access to two other Mistresses that were also allied with the Prime Consort. From there, Jake headed to one of the many abandoned houses, where he went inside and took a seat leaning against a wall. For some bloody reason, he felt kind of tense after that meeting, despite having felt pretty relaxed while doing it.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">After a quick break, Jake shared what he had learned with the others. The Sword Saint confirmed that the Third Mistress <span id="page_205"></span>had told him the same five minutes earlier. A Mistress who, it turned out, was allied with the First Mistress.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Sylphie had been with the one neutral Mistress, the Second Mistress. From how Sylphie spoke, this Mistress did not like any of the others and, surprisingly enough, seemed outright hostile towards the Demon Lord. The Fallen King had also managed to join the guards and some-fucking-how instantly gotten promoted to a Team Leader with several guards working under him. Through that, he had learned that one of the Secret Scrolls was guarded by the current Guard Captain of this entire city area.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">All in all, Jake was the one with the least progress, he felt. Except, his goal had never really been gathering information, but reaching the Prime Consort as fast as possible. Now, however, he felt like there was another way forward.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“Hey, I got an idea,”</span> Jake spoke through their link. <span class="class_s13">“While you all work on finding the Secret Scrolls, maybe I will team up with Sylphie, and we will try to organize a big get-together the Second Mistress hosts, using the excuse that she wants to join a faction. Then, once we have all the Mistresses in one room, I can prepare a little special something through the power of alchemy.”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“I doubt getting them together is that easy,”</span> the Sword Saint answered. <span class="class_s13">“But I do think it would be an idea to work with the Second Mistress. As a sole individual, her position is weaker than everyone else’s, so I could see her ‘winning’ leading to the best rewards. Also, she seems more hostile to the others, so maybe she will have some ideas on how you can apply your power of alchemy.”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“I guess that is an option,” </span>Jake agreed.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“Can I maybe come along too?”</span> Dina asked.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“That would probably be for the best,”</span> the old man said. <span class="class_s13">“Try and find out exactly what her stance is and what she wants to <span id="page_206"></span>accomplish. Based on the pattern, I would expect her to be the odd one out and actually an enemy of the Demon Lord, and she will offer us an alternative method to conquer this floor outside of partnering with either faction. Perhaps she will even give us access to the option where we simply kill them all.”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“Sounds reasonable,”</span> Jake said. <span class="class_s13">“Dina, let’s meet close to the gate, but not actually group up. I think entering separately is best to avoid suspicion, as people already know you are associated with the Sword Saint.”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“Alright,”</span> Dina said. <span class="class_s13">“I already got an invite from a Courtesan, so I should be able to enter. How about you?”</span></p>
<p class="class_sbg2">“I will figure something out.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“In the meantime, I will further integrate myself with the faction belonging to the First Mistress,”</span> the Sword Saint said. <span class="class_s13">“I am on my way to meet the Fifth Mistress now, and it may take me a few hours.”</span></p>
<p class="class_sbg2">“Are you seriously going to… you know?”</p>
<p class="class_sbg2">“Depending on how it goes, yes, we may enjoy a cup of tea together.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“Ah, alright… For a second there, I thought you were actually going to</span>⁠<span class="class_s13">—”</span></p>
<p class="class_sbg2">“That was innuendo.”</p>
</body>
</html>
