<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>part0006</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../page_styles.css"/>
</head>
  <body class="class3">
<div class="class_s8f"><div class="class_s8d"><div class="class_s9"><div class="class_s10"><p class="class_s11">Chapter 2</p></div></div><h1 id="id__798_92_" class="heading_s1h">The Dina Show</h1></div></div>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s8h1">J</span>ust after Jake was contacted and told his teammates were done, he just happened to find himself standing in front of a large gateway that he didn’t doubt led to the next floor. One thing did confuse him a bit, though. There was another smaller teleportation circle of some kind near the wall of the cavern, but it was slightly damaged.</p>
<p class="class_s8k1"><span class="class_s13">“Pretty sure I found it, but there is also this other teleportation circle. It looks like a short-range one, though.”</span> Jake passed along a mental image to the party.</p>
<p class="class_s8k1"><span class="class_s13">“Peculiar,”</span> the Sword Saint answered, sending back the mental image of an identical magic circle down at the south pole. This one wasn’t broken, though. <span class="class_s13">“Is yours operational?”</span></p>
<p class="class_sbg1">“Nope, is yours?”</p>
<p class="class_s8k1"><span class="class_s13">“Appears to be, but with yours broken… we shall begin making our way north now</span>.”</p>
<p class="class_s8k1"><span class="class_s13">“Eh, gimme a minute,” </span>Jake said, looking at the magic circle a bit. He tilted his head and went closer. Touching the circle, he closed his eyes and studied it for a minute or so while comparing it to the one at the southern pole.</p>
<p class="class_s8k1"><span class="class_s13">“Pretty low-level one, huh?”</span> Jake muttered as he infused his energy. Analyzing it and finding the flaws had been easy enough, <span id="page_21"></span>and soon enough, the broken lines were restored. The entire magic circle hummed to life.</p>
<p class="class_s8k1"><span class="class_s13">“Ours just seemed to activate,” </span>the Sword Saint said, surprised.<span class="class_s13"> “Did you do something?”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8k1">Jake grinned. <span class="class_s13">“What can I say? I know a bit about formations.”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8k1">A minute later, the party of five appeared in the cave on the north pole. The second the last person was there, the large archway that served as a gate activated, and a portal appeared.</p>
<p class="class_s8t">First floor completed. 10 Nevermore Points earned.</p>
<p class="class_s8x">Achievement earned: Complete the first floor before the light of the sun could reach the Lord of the Dunes. 5 Nevermore Points earned.</p>
<p class="class_s12">Nevermore Points: 26</p>
<p class="class_s8k1">“That’s one floor down.” Jake smiled as he turned to the others. “Anyway, what did you get from that treasury?”</p>
<p class="class_s8k1">The Sword Saint proceeded to take out two rare items and a bunch of stuff clearly meant to help battle the Floor Boss and the environment, such as crystals that gave resistance to the sunlight and what looked like a grenade. These items would disappear upon entering the next floor, so, honestly, the only reason to even do the bonus objective was the points.</p>
<p class="class_s8k1">Without further ado, the five of them entered the portal to the next floor. Upon entering it, the party found themselves in a large square room about fifteen meters on each side with one gateway in front of them, another behind them, and a third off to the side. The walls were dark gray stone, and Jake’s sphere informed him that there was nothing beyond them but an empty void.</p>
<p id="page_22" class="class_s8k1">Jake instantly understood what this room was. The gate in front of them had a sign saying “second floor,” while the gateway off to the side was an exit. Mind you, if one exited Nevermore before one reached a city, they would have to go through the first floor once more to progress. And not “go through” as in do the boss again and whatnot, but literally travel through the already-completed dungeon, making it a waste of time.</p>
<p class="class_s8k1">Anyway, in the middle of this new in-between-floors room was a small platform with a lockbox on it. The loot from the first floor.</p>
<p class="class_s8k1">“I must say, it is a bit underwhelming,” the Sword Saint said as he looked at the lockbox. “Though we must consider that this is simply the first floor, and it only took us a few hours to clear it all.”</p>
<p class="class_s8k1">“True, true,” Jake said as he walked over and unceremoniously opened the lockbox. Within was a rare-rarity sword, and Jake could only act teasingly as he went over and handed it to the Sword Saint in an overly formal way, even going down on one knee as he held it up. “For you, our resident swordsman. It is only proper you receive this bounty. I hope there are no complaints?”</p>
<p class="class_s8k1">“Will… Will he use it?” Dina questioned, looking confused.</p>
<p class="class_s8k1">“No, no, he won’t.” Jake grinned as he stood up.</p>
<p class="class_s8k1">“Then… why?”</p>
<p class="class_s8k1">“Exactly.” Jake nodded. “Let’s move on to the next floor?”</p>
<p class="class_s8k1">Dina was still confused as they all moved through the gateway leading onwards.</p>
<p class="class_s8k1">Walking through the gate was like stepping into an entirely new world. Probably because they <span class="class_s13">did</span> step into an entirely new world. Jake’s sphere spread out, and he saw a familiar-looking environment filled with greenery and trees as far as the eye could see. At least in front of them. Behind was an endless wasteland.</p>
<p id="page_23" class="class_s8k1">They had appeared on top of a large cliff overlooking an utterly massive valley filled with trees, its greenery stretching thousands of kilometers. When the others came through the gateway, they also just appeared standing beside him with no indication of an actual gate, making it clear there was no way back. The only way to proceed was to clear the floor… or wait for the full fifty years and get thrown out.</p>
<p class="class_s8t">Welcome to the second floor of Nevermore: The Evergreen Valley.</p>
<p class="class_s8x">Main objective: Defeat the Lord of the Valley.</p>
<p class="class_s8x">Bonus objectives: Find 10 Illusory Lotuses hidden throughout the forest.</p>
<p class="class_s8x">Current progress: Lord of the Valley (0/1), Illusory Lotuses (0/10)</p>
<p class="class_s8x">Note: More events, achievements, or objectives may be hidden on the floor.</p>
<p class="class_s12">Current Nevermore Points: 26</p>
<p class="class_s8k1">Jake read the message and nodded. Only ten lotuses this time, but going by their description, these lotuses would be a bit harder to find than the Sunlight Fragments, as their name indicated an ability to create illusions. The Lord of the Valley was pretty straightforward, though Jake was a bit disappointed at the name of the boss.</p>
<p class="class_s8k1"><span class="class_s13">Maybe these first few floors are just low-effort creations by the Wyrmgod, as most good parties just rush through, </span>Jake considered.</p>
<p class="class_s8k1">“This seems nicer than the desert,” the Sword Saint said with a smile, looking down at the valley.</p>
<p id="page_24" class="class_s8k1">“Definitely.” Jake nodded as he looked at the King. “Sad this floor isn’t called the Evergreen Forest. Then we could have had a Floor Boss called the Lord of the Forest.”</p>
<p class="class_s8k1"><span class="class_s13">“Your humor is far from as funny as you believe it to be,”</span> the Fallen King answered.</p>
<p class="class_s8k1">“Now that is just mean,” Jake commented.</p>
<p class="class_s8k1"><span class="class_s13">“The joke is only made worse by requiring inside knowledge only you and I are aware of, as no one else here has known me as anything other than the Fallen King</span>.”</p>
<p class="class_s8k1">“I get it, I get it,” Jake said defensively. “Geez. Anyway, let’s just use the same tactic as last time. Find the ten lotuses, find and kill the end boss, and move on to the next floor. I can handle finding the lotuses while you all search for the boss. Sounds like a plan?”</p>
<p class="class_s8k1">“The boss is over there.” Dina pointed northeast into the nearly endless forest beneath them. Jake was about to question her when she looked down at all the trees and spoke again. “And… oh, okay. Okay. That would be nice, thank you.”</p>
<p class="class_s8k1">Dina looked like she was just talking to herself, but suddenly the forest rumbled. Large vines extended upwards all throughout the valley, creating lines of giant pillars reaching to the horizon. Then Jake saw the vines begin moving. A few kilometers away, an entire patch of land around five meters across was being carried by vines that simply handed the patch off to one another. After a few minutes, the patch was dumped on the ground just beneath them in the valley, and looking down, Jake noted that the small landmass had an odd rock on it. After squinting at it, the illusion fell away, revealing a lotus.</p>
<p class="class_s8k1">“Did… Did you just…?” Jake asked Dina.</p>
<p class="class_s8k1">The dryad seemed confused and tilted her head. “I just asked if the trees wanted to help, and they agreed. They were very nice and even offered to bring the lotuses to us, so we didn’t have to go through the forest and potentially ruin anything. Oh, and they <span id="page_25"></span>asked if we could kill the Lord of the Valley, as it isn’t very nice to the trees and is hurting the natural balance.”</p>
<p class="class_s8k1">Jake nodded slowly as he stared at tens of thousands of vines extending endlessly into the valley, all working to gradually carry lotuses toward them. This was… kind of overpowered, wasn’t it? Like, pure cheese of an entire floor. Would the Wyrmgod penalize them for shit like this?</p>
<p class="class_s8k1">“Good job, Dina.” The Sword Saint smiled and gave the dryad a proud nod.</p>
<p class="class_s8k1"><span class="class_s13">“Quite a display of power, indeed,” </span>the Fallen King said.<span class="class_s13"> “Is it your Bloodline that allows this?”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8k1">“Ye—yeah, I just asked… so…” Dina said, looking shy. Her green skin turned a slightly darker shade of green—the dryad way of blushing, which did make Jake wonder what color the blood of dryads was. It wasn’t important, but he was a bit curious. Anyway.</p>
<p class="class_s8k1">“Definitely does make life easier.” Jake smiled and gave her a thumbs-up. Even Sylphie gave a happy screech.</p>
<p class="class_s8k1">“Did the forest also tell you where the exit is?” the Sword Saint asked.</p>
<p class="class_s8k1">Dina nodded and pointed in the same direction as the Floor Boss.</p>
<p class="class_s8k1">“So, we will pass the boss if we go for the exit?” Jake asked.</p>
<p class="class_s8k1">“It moves around… but if we hurry, yeah,” Dina explained.</p>
<p class="class_s8k1">“Then let’s get a move on,” Jake said. “Can you somehow handle collecting the lotuses on the way?”</p>
<p class="class_s8k1">While they had been brought one lotus, it wasn’t like the many vines were fast. They were pretty damn slow, actually, so it would likely take them a few hours at least to bring all the lotuses to their group, and while waiting for them at the entrance to the floor would be quicker than searching themselves, it would be even faster to just get them along the way.</p>
<p id="page_26" class="class_s8k1">“Oh, okay.” Dina nodded as she looked out at the forest. Jake didn’t feel energetic movements or any indication whatsoever that she was doing anything, yet a few seconds later, she nodded again. “Okay, they will help.”</p>
<p class="class_s8k1">Jake smiled. “Then let’s go.”</p>
<p class="class_s8k1">What followed was something Jake could only call cheating. Along their way to the boss monster, they encountered raised patches of land with lotuses on them, and by the time they reached the boss, they had six of the ten. Killing the boss took less than thirty seconds from the moment the five of them descended on the poor level 208 beaver-like monster, which was just trying to enjoy a good meal by eating one of the trees.</p>
<p class="class_s8k1">The fight had started with roots shooting up from the ground and entrapping the beast. Pure pressure from the King had kept it utterly fixed as Jake released a barrage of Powershots, with Sylphie and the Sword Saint cutting it apart using wind and water blades, respectively. It had never even had a chance to fight, and the only reason it had stayed alive as long as it did was its high health pool. On that note, after encountering it for the second time, Jake was pretty sure these Floor Bosses had artificially inflated health pools. Not that it mattered in a case like this.</p>
<p class="class_s8t">Achievement earned: Slay the Lord of the Valley before it manages to return to its lair. 5 Nevermore Points gained.</p>
<p class="class_s12">Achievement earned: Slay the Lord of the Valley within 12 hours of entering the second floor. 2 Nevermore Points gained.</p>
<p class="class_s8k1">After the boss was dead, it was just a relaxed flight to the end of the second floor while collecting “hidden” lotuses on a <span id="page_27"></span>silver platter along the way. As mentioned… it was pretty much cheating.</p>
<p class="class_s8k1">The second-floor exit had also been intended as a challenge, as they’d first encountered a hidden pit in the ground covered by vines, but a slight nudge from Dina made them move out of the way. Right in front of this pit was the final lotus.</p>
<p class="class_s8t">Bonus Objective Completed: Collect 10 Illusory Lotuses. 10 Nevermore Points earned.</p>
<p class="class_s12">Achievement earned: Collect 10 illusionary Lotuses without using any of the provided tools to assist in their discovery. 4 Nevermore Points gained.</p>
<p class="class_s8k1">Seeing that there were tools to help find the lotuses nearly made Jake choke at how unfair Dina’s ability was. He did have to admit that their illusion was quite good, forcing him to squint a bit to see through it. While that didn’t seem like a lot, one had to remember that Jake had more Perception than pretty much any other C-grade at his level in existence. Because he was smart and knew what the best stat was, of course.</p>
<p class="class_s8k1">“Dina,” Jake said once they jumped into the pit and walked through the small tunnel leading to another gateway, “you are awesome. You know that, right?”</p>
<p class="class_s8k1">The dryad blushed again. “I… I just did what I should…”</p>
<p class="class_s8k1">“If that is only what you feel like you should do, then you should definitely keep being awesome.” Jake grinned, happy with Nature’s Attendant for introducing her to the group.</p>
<p class="class_s8k1">Just that brief interaction with the boss monster also made Jake aware she was no slouch when it came to combat. Her support capabilities were still unknown, but if anything she had shown so far was an indication of her skills in that department, they were indeed in for a fantastic time.</p>
<p id="page_28" class="class_s8k1">The Sword Saint also praised Dina, making her even shyer than before. No one had really had a chance to show off any of their skills on this floor, and in the end, the entire thing ended up taking only a bit over an hour and a half. Most of their time had been spent flying at a semi-leisurely pace, as they’d still had to wait in a few places for the vines to bring a lotus. Quite a bit smaller than the first floor, but far more densely packed. Even then, they only explored a few percentages of the forest as the trees did all the work.</p>
<p class="class_s8k1">When it came to the setting of the floor, Jake learned that a war of sorts had been going on between the forest and invading beaver-like monsters that were pretty much just smaller variants of the Lord of the Valley. Their group of five had not gotten involved in any of this fighting, instead making a beeline for the boss and getting their lotuses. It wasn’t like the wanton slaughter of the beavers would help any of them, and the trees were nice and helpful, so there was no way they would fight them either. The trees even told Dina to avoid killing anything besides the boss, so they saw no reason not to follow that advice.</p>
<p class="class_s8k1">Anyway, after only a bit of walking, they reached the floor’s exit.</p>
<p class="class_s8k1">“Ree,” Sylphie said as they reached the gateway proper.</p>
<p class="class_s8k1">Jake smiled. “Yep, a lot easier and faster than the first floor.”</p>
<p class="class_s8k1">In the room with the gateway, they also found a small pond with a sealed treasure chest in the center. It was ringed by ten small rock formations with holes, each perfectly shaped to hold a lotus. After placing all the lotuses, they opened the lockbox and got an epic-rarity lotus crown that they decided to give Dina. No one else needed it, and she had done everything on this floor, so it was only fair.</p>
<p class="class_s8k1">Without any reason to stay longer, the overpowered party moved through the gateway and completed their second floor of the day.</p>
<p id="page_29" class="class_s8t">Second floor completed. 20 Nevermore Points earned.</p>
<p class="class_s8x">Achievement earned: Complete the second floor within 12 hours while collecting all ten lotuses. 8 Nevermore Points gained.</p>
<p class="class_s8x">Achievement earned: Traverse the Evergreen Valley and complete the second floor while collecting all ten lotuses without killing any living creatures other than the Lord of the Valley. 15 Nevermore Points gained.</p>
<p class="class_s12">Nevermore Points: 90</p>
<p class="class_s8k1">The points just kept rolling in. Jake wondered if the points would keep doubling, considering they’d gotten 20 for this floor, but he had a feeling they wouldn’t. Exponential growth like that tended not to end super well. Oh, well. He would find out once they did the third floor.</p>
<p class="class_s8k1">Leaving the local wildlife and ecosystem alone also proved to be a good idea, as it had netted them an extra 15 Nevermore Points. Taking the advice of trees was definitely a lesson to remember.</p>
<p class="class_s8k1">As for loot… well, it was shit again. Two pieces of rare equipment they also gave to Dina.</p>
<p class="class_s8k1"><span class="class_s13">Let’s hope the third floor is fun,</span> Jake thought to himself as their party continued.</p>
<p class="class_s8k1">Spoiler alert: It wouldn’t be fun.</p>
<p class="class_s8k1">It was the exact opposite.</p>
<p class="class_s8k1">A fucking water level.</p>
</body>
</html>
