<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>part0045</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../page_styles.css"/>
</head>
  <body class="class4">
<div class="class_s8f1"><div class="class_s8d"><div class="class_s9"><div class="class_s10"><p class="class_s11">Chapter 41</p></div></div><h1 id="id__798_131_" class="heading_s1h">Finally Done</h1></div></div>
<p class="class_s8h3"><span class="class_s8h1">J</span>ake analyzed the structure and noticed several errors in it. The structure in question looked like a large, square building, at least twenty stories tall and made of pure mana. It was hardened and reminiscent of Jake’s stable arcane mana, but it was indeed just pure mana formed into a shape and then compressed and strengthened through formations.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">His job was to bring the structural integrity up to a certain level, but to do that, he had to address flaws embedded within the structure. Not just on the outside, either. This meant he had to “drill” holes and infuse mana to fix what was wrong before he could cover everything up again… all while making sure his actions didn’t cause a collapse.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Since several formations also covered the building, he had to avoid those too. How long it took him, Jake didn’t know, but he quickly found flaw after flaw, and in many cases, he had to make up new methods on the spot to fix a particular problem. His preferred method was to strengthen the mana using hardened, braided mana strings that almost functioned as rebar.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Due to its nature as a mana puzzle, Jake couldn’t use his arcane affinity, but he could infuse some concepts from it. It reached a level where the normal mana was nearly identical to <span id="page_419"></span>his arcane mana, though there were still some stark differences, such as the sheer gap in durability between the two and the far more physical nature of his stable arcane mana. While a powerful enough disruptive mana wave could make the “solid” structure in front of him collapse, it wouldn’t be able to do the same to his arcane mana.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">After an undetermined amount of time, Jake nodded. Everything seemed good. With a thought, a prompt appeared before him.</p>
<p class="class_s9j1">Submit Completion?</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">This was something else Jake had learned. The puzzle box was programmed to respond to things he did and worked a lot like a computer program, even able to summon system prompts while his consciousness was immersed within it. In some ways, entering a box was a lot like entering his Soulspace.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake confirmed his submitted completion. Suddenly, pressure washed over the mental landscape, feeling similar to a manifold increase in gravity. Jake himself was utterly unaffected, as he had been turned completely intangible, also making him unable to interfere with the test.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The building held firm, but then a powerful wind of pure mana came in from the side… which was when Jake saw he had slightly damaged one of the formations around the ninth floor. A part of the wall crumbled, and the wind invaded the structure, ravaging through it. Within seconds, the entire mana structure collapsed and dispersed into nothingness.</p>
<p class="class_s9j1">Level failed. Retry?</p>
<p class="class_sbg2">I’ll get it this time!</p>
<p id="page_420" class="class_s8h2">Yeah, this wasn’t his first attempt…</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Retrying, the building reappeared, but it was not exactly identical. The difficulty level was the same, but the test itself was different. The formations were similar but placed in different locations, the flaws were altered, and the building itself had slightly changed, this time featuring twenty-one stories.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">This was naturally done so one couldn’t just try the same level over and over again until they completed it. It was a test of skill, after all, not pure trial and error.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">This time around, Jake fixed everything he could find and made sure to strengthen certain sections of the building he feared weren’t strong enough to handle the stress. After double-checking everything, he once more got the system prompt.</p>
<p class="class_s9j1">Submit Completion?</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Like last time, he approved, and the pressure reappeared. This time the building held, and even when the disruptive mana wind swept through, none of the formations were dismantled. The entire stress test went on for about two minutes before everything stopped, and then he got another prompt.</p>
<p class="class_s9j1">Level 54 completed. Proceed to level 55?</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake said yes and appeared on the next level. This one was a massive, hanging bridge of mana, and Jake’s analysis made him instantly aware that this task involved ensuring the bridge could stably bear a certain weight for at least one year in a sped-up stress test. However, he did not get far, for within his Sphere of Perception, he saw something he’d hoped would not happen…</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The Sword Saint was walking towards his room… which could only mean one thing: Sylphie and the Fallen King were <span id="page_421"></span>done collecting their damn coins. The Golden Mark left by the King tended to expire after a few weeks, which was why the old man had to go get him in person.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">It was with mixed feelings that he emerged from the box. He looked down at the precious object for a moment and smiled.</p>
<p class="class_svb"><span class="class_s15">[Puzzle Box of the Seeker (Divine)] – A puzzle box created by the god known as the Seeker. This box is filled with a total of ten thousand levels of mana puzzles of ever-increasing difficulty. Fully unlocking the box will reveal an item sealed within. Soulbinds to anyone who beats the first level. Levels completed: (54/10000)</span>.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">After giving the best puzzle box in the world a hug, he put it away and stood up. Checking the time, he saw he hadn’t moved from the floor in about a month, so he stretched a bit and went towards the door, ready to open it the second the old man knocked.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The bastard never knocked, instead standing outside for a moment before saying, “Jake, I know you know I am here.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Can you knock anyway?” Jake asked.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“No.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Please?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The old man sighed as he reached out, but just before he could knock, Jake opened the door while grinning. “You were totally surprised, right?” Jake joked.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Truly,” he said, shaking his head. “I assume you know why I am here?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Sylphie finally got enough Minaga Coins?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Precisely,” the Sword Saint said, nodding as Jake walked out and began following the old man out of the hotel. “And she is not <span id="page_422"></span>happy about being the last one to complete her coin gathering. She has not complained as much as the Fallen King, though.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Not gonna lie… it’s about bloody time,” Jake said. “Did Carmen and her party manage to get ahead of us?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“She did. They left just a week ago.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Fuck me,” Jake grumbled.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Disappointed she did not say goodbye?” the Sword Saint teased.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Nah, we already talked about limiting our interactions in this period leading up to her leaving, and with Jacob and Casper also heading out, we had fewer excuses to meet. Her going to say goodbye would have been weird from an outsider’s perspective.” Jake shrugged. It wasn’t like she hadn’t come by quite a few times during their shared time on the floor. “Just hoped we would at least beat them.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake did also regret not having a proper bout with Carmen in the arena. Both of them had wanted a duel, but sadly there was no way to have private fights. With how durable Carmen was, Jake would likely have been forced to go all-out, and he wanted to hide some of his abilities if he could. Especially skills like Eternal Shadow, which were incredibly effective when used without the opponent being aware of them. Jake not using his full power would also be disrespectful to Carmen. So, in the end, they’d agreed to postpone their duel.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“The scientist from Haven also reached the floor. Are you going to go greet him before we leave?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Arnold? Nah, he is a big boy; he can handle himself.” Jake shrugged. “Besides, I reckon he would have reached out to me if he wanted anything. He isn’t the type to just wait around.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“How about your brother or Maria?” the Sword Saint asked.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Already did before my last practice session, as I quite frankly expected us to have already moved on by now,” Jake said, shaking his head.</p>
<p id="page_423" class="class_s8h2">“I see.” The old man nodded, not saying more as they kept walking.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">It was a bit annoying, but Jake and company had ended up taking just over two years doing Minaga’s city floor. Sylphie had been the big limiter in how fast they could pass the floor, as the deck was honestly stacked against her.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">She was the highest-leveled of them all, which meant she had the biggest toll to pay, but she also had the problem of her marketable skills being limited. She couldn’t craft anything, and when it came to tasks she could assist with, she was equally limited, as many of these tasks required knowledge or skill in certain disciplines.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Sylphie was simply too young to have ever learned anything complex, and all her powers came from instinct and her powerful innate knowledge as a beast. Sadly for her, none of this innate knowledge helped her anywhere outside of the arena.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake and the others did help her as much as possible. She sold items they had obtained within Nevermore and reached the cap for how many coins she could earn every single month, but that only did so much.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The two of them quickly walked together to the toll booth, where they met up with the three others. Sylphie was indeed a grumpy bird, with the Fallen King looking more than a little impatient to finally get a move on. Dina looked fine and gave them a small wave when she saw them approaching.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“About time you arrived,”</span> the Fallen King said when they made it over.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Well, excuse me for adding another five minutes to this city floor. When was it you got done collecting your coins, again?” Jake smiled teasingly.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“Let’s just proceed,”</span> the Unique Lifeform said, really seeming to be in a hurry.</p>
<p id="page_424" class="class_s8h2">Jake proceeded to activate the toll booth together with the Sword Saint, allowing them to walk through the gate leading to the next floor. The moment he paid, Jake got a system prompt that he had honestly forgotten was even a thing.</p>
<p class="class_s9j1">Bonus Objective Completed: Pay the Toll to leave the city floor without ever leaving Nevermore. 500 Nevermore Points earned.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Five hundred points, huh?” Jake said with a small smirk.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Yeah, not a lot… but it is something, isn’t it?” Dina answered, trying to be positive.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The Fallen King scoffed. <span class="class_s13">“An amount so low it is almost insulting. This entire floor has just been a useless waste of time.”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake shook his head. “Could have been more productive for sure, but I won’t call it a total waste of time.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">True, it had been pretty damn inefficient when it came to gathering Nevermore Points, but that didn’t mean it had been a waste of time. They had all stayed in contact during this time, and based on the slow increase in the number of opponents the Fallen King and Sylphie had killed in the arena every day, the two of them had clearly improved. The many tasks Brokers gave also required the person to gradually get better.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake and the Sword Saint had also naturally progressed their professions quite a bit, with Jake even improving his mana control with his puzzle box. The Sword Saint hadn’t sat still either, instead choosing to continue painting even when he didn’t need it for Minaga Coins, as he’d wanted to rack up some more profession levels. In his words, it was rare he had calm periods like this to just relax and paint, and his diminishing returns seemed milder than Jake’s for some reason.</p>
<p id="page_425" class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“Perhaps not a total waste, but can you truthfully say you wouldn’t have preferred to do without?”</span> the Fallen King countered.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Well, if you put it like that…”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Ree!” Sylphie joined in on the complaining.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Who is delaying our progress now?” the Sword Saint butted in as he motioned for them all to proceed. “The thirty-sixth floor awaits.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The old man was right, so they stopped dragging things out and moved through the barrier blocking the entrance to the next floor. Through this barrier was just another gateway, and without further ado, they all activated it and were teleported away.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">They appeared within a vaguely familiar room. It gave Jake the same vibes as the usual “welcome” room they had first seen on the thirty-first floor, but it all seemed a bit more… highbrow? The oldish-looking temple walls had been replaced with pristine marble, and overall, it just looked more well-kept.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s15">“About time you arrived here. That took quite a while, huh?”</span> Their dear dungeon master’s voice echoed as he appeared on the central platform, though there were no fireworks or big displays.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“And whose fault is that?” Jake instantly countered.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Not mine, if that is what you are insinuating,” Minaga said. “You can’t blame me for you being slow.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“You designed the rules of the city floor.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“That I did, but doesn’t that just mean you are even more at fault? Because me being wrong couldn’t be the case, hence why it must be entirely on you. Definitely.” Minaga nodded confidently to himself.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Fine, we suck. Happy?” Jake sighed. “Now, what’s the plan from here?”</p>
<p id="page_426" class="class_s8h2">“Five more floors of my labyrinth,” the Unique Lifeform answered.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Huh… don’t you think it is kind of beginning to overstay its welcome?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Hey, I tried to mix it up!” Minaga said, seeming offended. “These next four floors—with a special surprise on floor forty—are all of an identical design with only slight changes, but they offer something interesting nearly no other dungeon floor does: true choice!”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“But it is still a labyrinth?” Jake asked.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Yes, there are still labyrinthian features.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“So…”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Yes, you will be able to utterly cheat and spoil all sense of exploration, ruining much of the fun of the floor… but not as much as on some of the others,” Minaga answered, looking like he had entirely given up on trying to stop Jake from cheating.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake smiled. “Nice. Just wanted to make sure.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Now, as with prior floors, I will once more need you to make a difficult choice—better known as a difficulty choice,” Minaga said, very proud of his wordplay.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Do we have the same options as on prior floors?” the Sword Saint asked.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Yep… and can I just assume you will choose the Archmage difficulty? Anything else wouldn’t really make any sense.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“Naturally,”</span> the King answered.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Great, great,” the dungeon master said, nodding. “Now, I do know you suffered a bit during my wonderful city floor and aren’t all that happy, so let me give you a tiny little tip to cheer you all up. This is not the only time on this floor that you will have the choice of taking an easier or harder path… and if you want the best ending, don’t ever take the easy route. Always strive for the highest difficulty.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake smiled again. “Duly noted.”</p>
<p id="page_427" class="class_s8h2">“Now, with all that over, I hope you enjoy this floor and those to come! I will add one more thing… I kind of learned that characterization is not my strong suit, so that is very limited in these next few floors…” Minaga looked a tad embarrassed at that.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Probably for the best,” Jake said, nodding as he teased the totally-not-a-god. “Not only because the ‘people’ were bloody horrible imitations of real sapient creatures, but because it makes life harder for assholes who are good at manipulating them. A pleasant surprise to see you can learn from your mistakes.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“I will just choose to interpret those very hurtful words as you venting the last of your anger towards the city floor,” Minaga said with a smile, unbothered.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake nodded again. “Totally was.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Minaga kept smiling and offered an exaggerated bow. “In either case, I believe I have taken up enough of your time… Without further ado, let us continue Minaga’s Labyrinth!”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">With those words, the Unique Lifeform disappeared, and the giant, glowing gate at the far end of the room began opening. Out came the mist that restricted all senses and movement, and Jake did not hesitate to close his eyes and send out a Pulse of Perception just as the system message for the floor also popped up.</p>
<p class="class_s8t1">Welcome to the thirty-sixth floor of Nevermore: Minaga’s Labyrinth (Part 6)</p>
<p class="class_s8x1">Main objective: Reach the end of the Labyrinth.</p>
<p class="class_s8x1">Bonus objectives: Complete the floor while selecting and completing the room with the highest difficulty rating at least three times (0/3).</p>
<p class="class_s8x1">Current progress: Highest-difficulty room completed (0/3), end reached (0/1)</p>
<p id="page_428" class="class_s8x1">Note: More events, achievements, or objectives may be hidden on the floor.</p>
<p class="class_s14">Current Nevermore Points: 28,973</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake read over the description. Coupled with his mental map from Pulse of Perception, he did have to admit… this part of the labyrinth was kind of different.</p>
</body>
</html>
