<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>part0052</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../page_styles.css"/>
</head>
  <body class="class4">
<div class="class_s8f1"><div class="class_s8d"><div class="class_s9"><div class="class_s10"><p class="class_s11">Chapter 48</p></div></div><h1 id="id__798_138_" class="heading_s1h">Solo Battles</h1></div></div>
<p class="class_s8h3"><span class="class_sub">B</span>lood flew into the air as Jake managed to slice the neck of Minaga, making him stumble back. His one arm already hung limply at his side as he tried to retaliate with the other using a blast of fire, but Jake dodged under it and stabbed Minaga in the arm.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">A final eruption of power sent Jake stumbling back amid a rain of lightning bolts, making his entire body tingle from the impact and his scales crackle with energy. Minaga himself looked spent as he stood there, leaning on his staff.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake pulled out his bow, showing no mercy by firing an Arcane Powershot into Minaga that sent him flying into a wall with another hole in his chest. Activating his Arcane Charge from the Mark, he made Minaga flash with arcane energy and groan.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Still embedded halfway into a wall, he looked at Jake.<span class="class_s15"> “Heh… good fight. I at least had fun. You are also the first one to win, so take pride in that! Good luck with the rest of our battle.”</span> Minaga smiled. <span class="class_s15">“See you soon.”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2">With those words, Minaga’s clone turned into wisps of energy that moved and created three portals, each with the figure of one of his party members above it. The one not showing <span id="page_491"></span>was the Sword Saint’s, and Jake knew why, as the old man had informed them of his special “lesson” with the Unique Lifeform. After he had informed them of that, there had been radio silence, but considering they had not gotten any notifications about failing the bonus objective, he should still be fighting.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake felt happy, but he was not really proud of being the first one to finish his fight. In fact, it was completely expected. The clone he fought was weaker than the real Minaga by a great deal, but it was still level 275, which meant his Big Game Hunter skill remained active and as powerful as before, and all of his skills that allowed him to do more damage to higher-level foes still worked. He was truly the best in fights like this.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Focusing on where to go next, he looked through the portals and quickly reached out using the Golden Mark.<span class="class_s13"> “Done with my clone. Where should I head next? Anyone need help badly?”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2">They had not communicated much, as they were all busy with their own respective fights, so Jake didn’t know the situation in the other rooms.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“Ree!”</span> Sylphie complained through the link, clearly not happy with how things were going on her end.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“I can hold on for a while longer,”</span> Dina said.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“Leave me be,”</span> the Fallen King said dismissively, sounding almost offended by Jake even daring to ask if he needed help with handling the other Unique Lifeform.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">No answer from the Sword Saint. Not that it mattered, as helping him was not an option.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake didn’t delay. He jumped through the portal with the figure of Sylphie above it, and the moment he arrived on the other side, he was buffeted by powerful winds as he got a lay of the land.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">If Jake’s fight had been a focused fight with emphasis on micro-strategy that led to little impact on their surroundings, Sylphie’s fight was the exact opposite. The entire room was <span id="page_492"></span>thoroughly torn up all around him as magic on a massive scale ravaged it. With no party members to watch out for, Sylphie let loose and became a living whirlwind of destructive winds, filling nearly half of the room.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Minaga had clearly responded in kind. Massive magic circles floated around him, throwing out large-scale spells as if mana wasn’t even a resource to him. Giant, freezing tornadoes met Sylphie’s winds and canceled each other out, both parties trying to land smaller and more deadly attacks whenever an opportunity presented itself. That usually took the form of Sylphie occasionally attempting a fly-by, with Minaga sometimes finding an opening to land a beam of light or a highly condensed ice shard or metal spike.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">A sort of balance had been reached, and Jake truly had no idea who would win if it continued. He had no interest in finding out, either.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Sylphie and Minaga crashed within the tornado as their domains overlapped, and Sylphie’s charge was met with Minaga striking out with a palm of whirling flames. A giant inferno exploded from their impact, yet the fire was rapidly dispersed by the powerful winds. Just as Minaga prepared to strike again, he suddenly cursed.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s15">“Well, shi</span>⁠<span class="class_s15">—”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2">A fully charged Arcane Powershot hit him in the side, blasting his barrier apart and sending him reeling back with blood trickling down his side. A stable arcane arrow had deeply penetrated his shoulder, and he did not have time to pull it out before Jake made it explode.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Sylphie quickly followed up by unleashing a giant blade of wind, sending the Unique Lifeform tumbling back even further. Minaga stabilized and went on the offensive, but facing two opponents was much more difficult.</p>
<p id="page_493" class="class_s8h2">He seemed to know this, too, as he tried to be ultra-offensive, knowing that if he didn’t, he would fail to accomplish anything. Rather than dodge, Minaga tanked several attacks as dozens of magical circles popped into the air around Sylphie. She tried to get away, but a few of the circles lit up, sealing the area. The rest of the circles began glowing with increasing intensity, and even when an arrow pierced Minaga’s chest and sent him flying, he didn’t lower his hands, but instead finished the spell.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">All of the magic circles shattered at once, releasing pulses of dark energy that washed over Sylphie. A screech echoed throughout the hall, making Jake worried. He moved to make sure Minaga could do nothing more, repeatedly blasting the Unique Lifeform back while Sylphie got her bearings.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The explosions of dark magic had not hit just her, but all of the wind that was connected to her. Her body seemed to give off black smoke that had invaded, almost like a poison consuming her from within. Jake did not register it as poison, but he knew it was damn close.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Minaga had a hard time dealing with Jake alone due to how injured he was, and when an enraged Sylphie rejoined the fight, things got even worse for him. Coupled with what injuries he had taken from Sylphie during their one-versus-one fight, Jake and his bird niece managed to finish off the Unique Lifeform within the next few minutes.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s15">“Two down—and with the old swordsman doing his thing, two to go! Do hurry, though!”</span> Minaga’s body faded into wisps of energy, spawning two portals. As they were still forming, Sylphie flew over and landed beside Jake.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Ree,” Sylphie said, sounding sad as she took out a small bottle from her vest and ate it.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">That dark mana spell had severely damaged her mana pool, forcing her to drink a mana potion. She was also a tad low on other resources from Minaga’s magic and her long fight, but she <span id="page_494"></span>sounded confident, if disappointed, in how hard of a time she’d had.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake calmed her down, and after telepathically confirming that the Fallen King still refused help, the two of them headed to Dina’s arena.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">What met Jake and Sylphie upon entering was a raging inferno, making it clear which school of magic Minaga had chosen to deal with Dina. It seemed to be working pretty well, too, based on how much ash was spread everywhere. It was as if an entire forest had been burned down throughout their fight.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Dina was flying around the room, repeatedly defending herself, while Minaga chased after her, released fireballs, blasted out flamethrowers, and summoned what looked like living creatures of pure fire to pursue her. Dina kept calling up green barriers or vines to defend herself, even if they got burned down in seconds.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Yet even while clearly on the back foot, Dina looked nearly untouched. Her defense against the constant barrage of spells was nearly perfect, and even when Minaga mixed it up and used things other than fire, she was ready and responded appropriately.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake and Sylphie entering the arena naturally changed the situation quite a bit. Quite a bit, in this instance, meaning this Minaga clone was utterly screwed as the three of them teamed up. With Dina helping out the two of them, they could be far more offensively-minded. Knowing one had a healer on their side did wonders for one’s self-confidence, and in this case, it even allowed Sylphie to get healed up a good deal.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Minaga did give it a good shot, but the clone was just too weak compared to the real thing and didn’t have the same powerful composite magic. Or maybe he did, and Minaga just chose not to use it. Hearing that the Sword Saint would fight <span id="page_495"></span>Minaga in a “special way” just confirmed something Jake and the others already knew… The Unique Lifeform was not serious.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Which made sense… because if he was a god—which he one hundred percent was—they wouldn’t stand a chance at all, even if his stats were heavily reduced. Just through sheer experience and skill, they would have been fucked. That he held himself back to a certain threshold was only to be expected, and that the old man had convinced Minaga to slightly let go of these self-imposed restrictions was indeed risky as fuck. Not that Jake could blame him. The Sword Saint had a hard time finding people around his own level of power skilled enough in pure technique to fight him.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">After fighting Dina’s clone for around five minutes, it too bowed out and summoned a final portal, which they promptly headed through. What met them was an even more intense sight than what Jake had seen in the prior two rooms.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The Fallen King stood on one side, his body covered in wounds. Several sections had huge swaths of his bark-like skin ripped off, and one of his legs looked halfway cut through. On the other side was a Minaga who had lost both an arm and a leg, with his entire body truly reflecting the intense fight. He even lacked two of his four eyes, claw marks bleeding across his face.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“Do not interfere,”</span> the Fallen King ordered in their heads just as they appeared.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s15">“Arrogant as always</span>.” The Minaga clone smiled. <span class="class_s15">“I say always, even if I don’t really know you, as honestly, all of us Unique Lifeforms are the same, aren’t we? All arrogance. With actual power to back it up, mind you.”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Scoffing, the Fallen King’s body exploded in golden light as he summoned two golden hammers on chains. He swung one as Minaga jumped using his one leg, dodging it. The second hammer descended from above, but Minaga flung himself out <span id="page_496"></span>of the way using telekinesis and pointed his staff at the King, shooting out a highly condensed beam of light.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">It hit the King’s barrier, making him float to the side as fast as he could. When the bubble was burned through, the beam barely missed him, allowing the Unique Lifeform to counter once more. Both hammers swung wildly as the two wisps in the King’s eyes began to glow.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Both hammers shone brighter than before and briefly sped up, allowing the Fallen King to hit Minaga. His attempt to block flung him across the room. Jake thought it hadn’t done much, but he frowned when he got a better feel for that golden glow.</p>
<p class="class_sbg2">Soul magic.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake saw Minaga get to his feet, but he had clearly taken a lot of damage. That hammer had not just hit Minaga’s physical body; it had directly impacted his Soulshape, rocking it and damaging it. Jake could already imagine the headache one would get if hit directly.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Nevertheless, Minaga was not down for the count yet. A magical circle appeared below him and accelerated him forward, sending him flying towards the King as he infused mana into his staff. It began to grow thicker and longer as the King tried to stop the other Unique Lifeform.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Minaga chose to take the golden blast of force directly to the face, sending blood flying everywhere. Simultaneously, he swung hard, hitting the Fallen King in the side faster than he could react. The barrier broke, and the Fallen King folded like a lawn chair around the large staff before getting blasted into the wall at the far end of the room.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Dina looked worried and was about to make a move, but Jake held out a hand and stopped her. A second later, a dense golden beam erupted from the broken wall, hitting the now kneeling Minaga who was missing half of his face. He didn’t move, but the <span id="page_497"></span>moment the beam stopped, the Unique Lifeform fell forwards, dead.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s15">“Wow, good job—you killed one of five clones all alone!”</span> Minaga’s voice echoed through the hall.<span class="class_s15"> “Truly proud of you, fellow Unique Lifeform!”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Out of the broken wall he had been thrown into walked the Fallen King, his right arm utterly broken and his midsection full of injuries. Yet he gave off an indomitable aura and a strong sense of pride. With Minaga’s body dissolving, Dina no longer held back. She took out her staff and fired off green lightning that began slowly mending the King’s broken body.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Soon enough, a portal appeared, this one bigger than any of those prior. On the other side, Jake could see Minaga sitting with his legs crossed atop a raised platform, energy revolving around him.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“You good to go?” he asked the Fallen King, who floated over next to him. He saw the golden lines pulsing through his body, making it clear his boosting skill was active at either full power, or close to it.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“I shall do fine,”</span> the Fallen King said dismissively.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake threw Dina a glance.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“The body of the Fallen King is just a vessel… Unless it is utterly destroyed, he will be fine,” she explained.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">Kind of already knew that,</span> Jake thought, shrugging as he led the others through the portal. This also meant the Sword Saint had succeeded. If not, they would have gotten a notification, so he had to be fine. Well, not necessarily <span class="class_s13">fine</span>, but at least not lethally injured.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Upon arriving on the other side, the four of them appeared standing below the newly raised platform Minaga was sitting on. An orb of energy floated above him, nearly ten meters in diameter and radiating intense power.</p>
<p id="page_498" class="class_s8h2">Right after they arrived, another portal appeared beside them. Jake looked over as what at first looked like a bloodied rag fell out. However, on second inspection, he saw it was the Sword Saint. The old man landed hard, looking like he could barely stand, then fell to his knees.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The reason he looked like a rag was all the blood and tattered clothes. His body was marred with more wounds than Jake could count, nearly no part of him untouched. Even as he knelt there, blood slowly dripped from his body, making it clear many of the cuts were incredibly fresh.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake stared at the old man with wide eyes. “What the hell happened to you in there?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The Sword Saint looked at the ground and smiled slightly as Dina focused intensely on healing him. The countless wounds on his body slowly started to close. Even so, it was clear he had taken significant damage, and he was in horrible shape, especially considering his boosting skill was going at full power.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Yet he smiled to himself.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“I survived a tough lesson,” the old man spoke, seeming to recall what he had just experienced with an expression of fondness.</p>
</body>
</html>
