<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>part0030</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../page_styles.css"/>
</head>
  <body class="class4">
<div class="class_s8f1"><div class="class_s8d"><div class="class_s9"><div class="class_s10"><p class="class_s11">Chapter 26</p></div></div><h1 id="id__798_116_" class="heading_s1h">A Broken-Hearted Demon Lord</h1></div></div>
<p class="class_s8h3"><span class="class_sub">I</span>t was a good attempt, but ultimately they failed to finish the fight immediately. They had hoped to at least leave a debilitating injury even if they failed the kill, but even that had failed. Not that they had completely wasted their time.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Even if the Demon Lord was still standing, reattaching a head and healing his body was not energetically cheap. The crystal above had lost noteworthy power from their opening attack, and that was honestly good enough, as it had given them some good info.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">From their brief exchange, it was also clear the Demon Lord was stronger and faster than during their last encounter. He was now fully recovered—not to mention his new armor, which their opening attack had not managed to damage in any meaningful way. They had gone for the neck with the expectation that the armor would not be easily overcome.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">However, even if the boss had grown… Jake was fully confident they could handle anything he could throw at them.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">One had to remember that they had also grown a few levels since the last fight, primarily due to the thirty-third floor and the gauntlet of demons.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Anyway. If the first strike fails, try and try again.</p>
<p id="page_269" class="class_s8h2">Golden shockwaves rumbled from one side of the large throne room as the Fallen King let loose, releasing a barrage of interlaced blows. The Demon Lord scoffed and took a wide swing using both hands, releasing a crescent inferno to burn away the Unique Lifeform’s attack… but also leaving him open from behind. An arrow struck the demon right in his midsection, exploding upon the armor and slightly throwing off his balance.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Sylphie descended from above in a whirlwind, cutting away at him like a meat grinder. Annoyed, the Demon Lord stomped to make fire erupt from the ground all around him, but the wind refused to let up.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Right as the flames from the stomp subsided, an old man dove through the hurricane, the wind passing harmlessly over his body. He aimed for the leg of the boss, who tried to kick him in response, but the foot was thoroughly stuck as a semi-burnt vine slithered up from the broken floor and held him down.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The sword struck true, cutting across the armor and leaving a thin slit yet failing to fully penetrate.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“Armor slightly above the predicted level of durability,”</span> the Sword Saint communicated through the Golden Mark.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Retreating, the old man got out of range from the follow-up strike from the demon, and they both left the green whirlwind’s radius. Sylphie materialized with the boss out of her attack, not wanting to waste more energy than necessary to keep herself safe.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">As the Sword Saint prepared to attack again, the Fallen King flew closer to join him. Sylphie also prepared to dive down from above as Jake aimed elsewhere. Rather than target the Demon Lord, he went for the giant floating crystal above the boss’s head, wings springing from his back as he approached it.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">While the four others kept the Demon Lord busy, Jake would address the giant artifact. This was one of the strategies they had discussed already, and Jake quickly closed in on the Demon <span id="page_270"></span>Lord’s Heart. The heat it gave off was intense, but Jake coated himself in scales and managed to get right up to it. As expected, a barrier sprang up the moment he did, but Jake had come prepared.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Summoning his Blackpoint Blade, he stabbed forward. The special void-attuned blade impacted the barrier and, with a solid push, pierced through, allowing Jake to embed his arm. As it entered the barrier, he had to grit his teeth from the sheer heat sealed within. The scales began to slowly turn red, and his flesh burned, but he managed to dismiss his katar and, with his arm pushed in all the way to his shoulder, lay his hands on the actual Heart.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">His hand began turning red, but luckily his legendary gloves empowered with Scales allowed him to hold on as he activated Touch of the Malefic Viper. He deployed the tried and tested strategy of just corrupting the living hell out of any energy source a boss used. It had worked against the Great White Stag, and he believed it would work here.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Below, the Demon Lord was pressed by the four people attacking, but he instantly noticed when Jake used Touch, confirming that corrupting the Heart was a good idea. The demon’s head whipped up, allowing the Sword Saint to hit him, but he only roared as he jumped.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Or at least, he tried to.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">He had barely left the ground when a blast of force sent him flying off-course, missing Jake. Mid-air, the demon still released a wave of flames towards Jake, but a wall of roots speared up from the ground, blocking the fire completely.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Before the boss could even land, a green gust swept him up and sent him flying down toward the far end of the room. The King followed up, with the Sword Saint also joining in. Crescent water blades, green wind blasts, and waves of force kept the <span id="page_271"></span>demon at bay as Dina assured nothing the Demon Lord tried would reach Jake.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">A heavy thumping noise came from the Demon Lord’s Heart as it resisted Jake’s infusion of energy, and then he felt himself connect to it and the vast amounts of fire-affinity energy sealed within. As the Prime Consort had said, the energy had accumulated for a long time. Even if the Demon Lord had absorbed some of it to heal himself—both to recover after being sealed and to deal with the wounds their party had just given him—there was still so much left.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The heat intensified as the Heart tried to fight him off, but it was a losing battle. Touch of the Malefic Viper slowly took hold. Wisps of dark green energy slithered into the artifact, and small veins of the same color began pulsing around Jake’s hand, marring the Heart’s surface.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">In the distance, the Demon Lord tried what it could, but the Fallen King, Sylphie, and Sword Saint were going all-out, having even partially activated their boosting skills to ensure the Demon Lord couldn't do anything. They had not fully activated their boosting skills yet, but they were running. Due to the Demon Lord focusing more on trying to get to Jake, they managed to land several worthwhile blows, but the Heart was still able to deliver energy despite Jake corrupting it.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake also knew he couldn’t stop, or the corruption would be burned away, purified by the flames. The energy the Demon Lord received was already purified, as only parts of the Heart had been corrupted so far. Given enough time, the corruption would reach a threshold where it could spread on its own, and when that happened, nothing the Demon Lord could do would be able to reverse the process. Even now, Jake could feel the connection between the Demon Lord and Heart waver. Yeah, Jake would only need a good minute mo⁠—</p>
<p id="page_272" class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s15">“You wish to destroy the Heart!?”</span> the Demon Lord roared as he released a large blast of fire, making everyone retreat for a moment. <span class="class_s15">“Then I shall grant you your wish. I no longer need it.”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The demon raised its hand in the direction of the Heart and grasped. Jake’s danger sense went into overdrive, so he tore his arm away from the Demon Lord’s Heart and pushed off the barrier to launch himself backward right as it shattered.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">For a moment, the entire world turned red. Jake was the first to get hit by the inferno as he crossed his arms in front of him and conjured a stable arcane barrier. It melted nearly instantly, and Jake was prepared to take the hit, only to suddenly feel as if a light breeze had hit him from behind. A green glow surrounded him, followed by an odd orange sigil flashing from his body. As it did, he instantly felt the effects of the fire lessen significantly.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“Used Greater Firebane Talisman,”</span> Dina spoke through the link. Yep, Jake had definitely forgotten they even had that reward from the thirty-first floor, but an hour of increased fire resistance was more than welcome.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake refocused and adjusted to the changed color palette of the throne room now that everything was burning. Dina stood, giving off an intense aura as she held the flames at bay around Jake, the Sword Saint, and herself, while Sylphie and the Fallen King attacked the Demon Lord again, seemingly not caring much about the fire—the Fallen King, due to his barrier, and Sylphie due to her now active overpowered defensive skill: Green Shield. He was pretty sure that wasn’t the actual name, but that was what she called it.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“One artifact down,” </span>Jake sent encouragingly through the mark.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“The Demon Lord powered up after its destruction,”</span> the Fallen King responded. <span class="class_s13">“Likely due to the more favorable environment.”</span></p>
<p id="page_273" class="class_s8h2">This was all in line with the expectations given by the “people” they had met on the prior floors. And while they did not have a direct counter to the overwhelming fire-affinity domain, they did have one way to alleviate it.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The Sword Saint raised his sword towards the sky. What looked like clouds began to condense, unbothered by the flames. Raindrops fell and evaporated long before they reached the ground, but rather than making the entire throne room into one big steam chamber, it was all absorbed back into the cloud, and a new cycle began.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake took out his bow and winced as he held it. His right hand and entire arm were burnt to a crisp, flesh and bone showing in places, making it painful and difficult to hold the bow properly. Still, he soldiered through the pain and nocked an arrow to help Sylphie and the Fallen King.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Unblemished Arrows also worked wonders, allowing his arrow to resist being destroyed by the environment, and the pain in his arm proved short-lived. Dina pointed her staff at Jake and fired a green bolt of lightning, and new flesh instantly began growing from the impact site, his arm regenerating in real-time from the infusion of life energy.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">His stable arrows landed on target when the Demon Lord failed to dodge, too preoccupied with the Fallen King, and pierced the demon’s cheek. He winced and unleashed his anger on the Fallen King, swinging faster than before and launching the Unique Lifeform backwards.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Now only Sylphie was in melee with the Demon Lord. The Sword Saint had to focus on keeping the cycle of rainfall going, and if Dina stopped protecting them from the exploded Heart, they would all be in trouble. While the rain didn’t look to do much at first glance, Jake felt the environmental fire mana rapidly weakening in intensity, the temperature dropping. The Heart had finite energy, and even if the Demon Lord had <span id="page_274"></span>unleashed it all at once, it would still run out of power if they kept this up.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The Demon Lord knew this and switched his target to the Sword Saint. With the Fallen King out of the way, Sylphie didn’t stand a chance at stopping the large boss. With a wide swing, a massive wave of fire rushed toward the Sword Saint. Dina conjured a green barrier, but it failed to block, and in the end, the Sword Saint had to jump back while releasing his own Rainblade slash into the flames to avoid getting injured.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The raincloud instantly began to shrink, forcing the Sword Saint to raise his katana again to try and keep it going. Jake triggered One Step to cross the hall quickly, but the range was severely limited due to the fire domain, so he wasn’t able to assist as the Demon Lord closed in on the old man.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">In the end, the Sword Saint had to abandon what he was doing when the Demon Lord jumped and smashed his sword down toward the old man. Shifting his stance, the Sword Saint met the edge of the massive, burning sword with his own and somehow managed to slightly divert its path, causing it to slam down beside him instead of right on top of him.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The blast from the impact still sent the old man reeling back, his robe burning and raincloud soon dispersing. Then the Demon Lord gave chase. The Sword Saint managed to dodge and parry a few blows by diverting their paths, but the difference in sheer power was too great.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The Sword Saint was sent airborne by an upwards slash, and a follow-up slash sent him tumbling, flying through the air with the upper portion of his robe burned off, seared flesh showing beneath. Luckily, Jake managed to get close before the Demon Lord could launch further attacks.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake released a Descending Dark Arcane Fang as he stabbed, but the demon shifted his stance and caused the katar to strike armor, which it just skirted across to leave a shallow cut. With <span id="page_275"></span>a grin, the boss attempted to grab Jake, but he vaulted over the hand and stabbed it with his other weapon.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Annoyed, the Demon Lord focused on Jake, buying time for Dina to assist the Sword Saint, and for Sylphie and the Fallen King to stabilize. Sylphie had flown far up in the air and begun the backup plan they’d formulated to employ in case the Sword Saint couldn’t resist the heat.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">A large whirlwind appeared towards the ceiling as a hurricane was born. The heat was rapidly dragged in, lessening the pressure on everyone and ever so slightly weakening the Demon Lord himself. Jake stayed close to the boss as the Fallen King summoned two golden hammers, which he promptly slammed into the side of the Demon Lord.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Cutting attacks seemed to have little effect due to the armor… but blunt force still did a good job. The boss slid across the floor from the impact, tearing up half-melted stone tiles in his path as a slight trickle of blood ran down his lip.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Up above, Sylphie had created a potent whirlwind that sucked in the flames throughout the room, and as the Demon Lord stood up, he stared at the hawk.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s15">“So be it… Have it your way,” </span>the Demon Lord said, standing tall as his aura subtly changed. The crown of metallic thorns—another of the artifacts—began to light up. “<span class="class_s15">You fight valiantly… but you seem to have forgotten… I am a Demon Lord, not a mere brute</span>.” As he spoke, he spread his arms to the sides, and three large pentagrams appeared in the throne room, spreading out toward the edges.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">In the center of each circle, a demon more than four meters tall appeared. All three had slender bodies and were armored from top to bottom, not showing a single inch of flesh anywhere. Each also wielded a shield and a staff with a burning brazier at its end. The three of them did not have any legs, simply floating just off the ground.</p>
<p id="page_276" class="class_s8h2">Jake threw one of the three a glance, already knowing what he was looking at.</p>
<p class="class_s9j1">[Tower Demon – lvl 260]</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Each summoning circle flashed again as the Tower Demons raised their staves, and four more demons appeared around them.</p>
<p class="class_s9j1">[Tower Guardian – lvl 250]</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Each of these also gave off potent auras. They wore various pieces of equipment, making it clear that these three Tower Demons had essentially appeared with full parties.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Suddenly, the fight had turned from Jake and company winning by teaming up to being thoroughly outnumbered. Moreover… the Demon Lord had broken one of the usual video game rules:</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">He didn’t enter a passive state while the party was dealing with the adds.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Fortunately, they had somewhat planned for this.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s15">“Now, the time of your doom approaches,”</span> the Demon Lord said as he lifted his sword toward the sky. He prepared to swing down and release a blast toward the Sword Saint and Dina, but Jake appeared before him once more.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Oh, no, you don’t.” Jake grinned and kicked the arm of the demon, throwing off his aim.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">His party spread out, with Dina and the Sword Saint heading for one Tower Demon, the King another, and a green whirlwind the third.</p>
<p id="page_277" class="class_s8h2">That left Jake standing alone before the Demon Lord, who looked at him and scoffed. <span class="class_s15">“You mean to face me alone, pathetic human?”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake grinned as he took a stance and infused his voice with Willpower, activating Pride of the Malefic Viper to mentally attack the boss.<span class="class_s15"> “I should ask you the same… You mean to face me alone, pathetic demon?”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2">For a moment, the Demon Lord just stared, making Jake wonder if his taunt had failed. Then, it was as if the large demon’s eyes were set ablaze as he roared and attacked, his entire body erupting in flames of anger.</p>
<p class="class_sbg2">Never mind… Taunt successful.</p>
</body>
</html>
