<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>part0016</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../page_styles.css"/>
</head>
  <body class="class4">
<div class="class_s8f1"><div class="class_s8d"><div class="class_s9"><div class="class_s10"><p class="class_s11">Chapter 12</p></div></div><h1 id="id__798_102_" class="heading_s1h">"Seriously? Again?"</h1></div></div>
<p class="class_s8h3"><span class="class_s8h1">G</span>oing through the gateway leading out of the thirty-first floor, Jake wasn’t exactly sure what he had expected. Considering the uniqueness of these next ten floors and Minaga being the one in charge, it wasn’t even certain there would be an in-between room. There was one, but it wasn’t at all what Jake had predicted.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">All the prior in-between rooms had consisted of three gates: one to enter, one leading to the next floor, and one to exit Nevermore. Besides that, there was a place for lockboxes to spawn... and that was it. They were barebones and functional, clearly meant to just be a room you quickly went through.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">As for Minaga’s version of an in-between room?</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“This is nice,” Dina said just as they arrived, looking around.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Certainly a relaxing atmosphere,” the Sword Saint agreed.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">What they had walked into looked like the lounge of a five-star hotel. There was red carpeting across the floor, a large open bar, a sitting area with lounge chairs, and an elevated platform that looked to be made out of wood—already with a lockbox on it. In general, this entire hall was a big and welcoming space. In Jake’s sphere, he even saw that there were several more rooms, including five bedrooms with attached bathrooms, and <span id="page_126"></span>each of these bedrooms also had a “crafting room” attached. Based on the void behind those doors, Jake guessed that the room changed based on who entered. Finally, Jake saw a fucking open-air bath. Did they need an open-air bath? They didn’t, but it was there.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Minaga is truly an evil mastermind,” Jake said with respect. “Trying to make the parties attempting the labyrinth waste time in these in-between rooms, thus having less time for the actual dungeon.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s15">“Now that is just mean,” </span>Minaga said in a fake sulking tone.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Sure, sure.” Jake smiled, but just then, the party got a bunch of system messages that made Jake smile even more.</p>
<p class="class_s8t1">Thirty-first floor completed. 310 Nevermore Points earned.</p>
<p class="class_s8x1">Achievement earned: Complete the thirty-first floor in less than a day (24 hours). 500 Nevermore Points earned.</p>
<p class="class_s8x1">Achievement earned: Complete the thirty-first floor without any party member taking damage from any trap. 300 Nevermore Points earned.</p>
<p class="class_s8x1">Achievement earned: Complete the thirty-first floor without interacting with any friendly creatures. 200 Nevermore Points earned.</p>
<p class="class_s14">Achievement earned: Complete the thirty-first floor while only entering a maximum of four challenge rooms. 500 Nevermore Points earned.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The achievements were just rolling in, netting far more points than on any floor prior. Jake did find it a bit odd there wasn’t a single mention of the fact that they had chosen the <span id="page_127"></span>Archmage difficulty, but it was also entirely possible that the reward would come at a later point.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Certainly a lot of points,” the Sword Saint said, satisfied.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“We may have taken the top spot if there was a Leaderboard after the thirty-first floor,” Jake said with a smile.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Ree!” Sylphie screeched as she flew over to the lockbox in the room.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Yeah, I guess you can open it,” Jake said, sensing Sylphie’s excitement about what was inside.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Many of the earlier rewards had turned out to be natural treasures or even raw materials their party could use, and thus, most of it had also been consumed by Sylphie. It was only natural she was excited about opening each and every lockbox now.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Poking the box with her talon, it opened, and from within, a small, shield-like item floated out. It was no more than ten centimeters tall and had a heater shield design that featured a glowing flame symbol. The entire thing look to be made of gold, except for the orange flame symbol. Jake used Identify and raised an eyebrow at the description.</p>
<p class="class_s9j1">[Greater Firebane Talisman (Ancient)] – Infusing power into the talisman grants you and all nearby party members significantly increased resistance to all fire-affinity attacks for one hour (60 minutes). Has limited charges, and once the charges are used up, the talisman will break. This item cannot be used outside of Nevermore and will cease to exist if brought out for too long. Charges remaining: 3</p>
<p id="page_128" class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“Very clearly an item offered for either a later environment or a rematch with the Demon Lord,</span>” the Fallen King said. “<span class="class_s13">Perhaps both, considering it has a total of three charges.”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“It would be good against the Demon Lord,” Dina agreed, having been the one to primarily deal with it. “The passive fire aura was quite powerful even for a level 270 Demon Lord, and if the demon is stronger the next time we encounter it, I am not sure I would be able to properly fight it off.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“Then we will have to simply deal with it ourselves,”</span> the Fallen King said a bit dismissively.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake kind of agreed. While having Dina help with it was nice, Jake still had his scales, and if he used Arcane Awakening at full power, the passive shield from that should be fine. The King was also good, leaving her only with Sylphie and the Sword Saint, but they could also take care of themselves.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“In either case, can you carry it, Dina?” Jake asked.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Me?” she said, taken aback.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Well, you are the support, and you seem good at judging when to use it.” Jake smiled encouragingly.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“I find it admirable,”</span> the King said, making Jake nod approvingly before he promptly stopped at the King’s followup. <span class="class_s13">“I find it admirable that Jake recognizes he would have forgotten about the item’s existence ten seconds after putting it in his spatial storage, so he gave it to someone else.”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Hey, that ain’t fair,” Jake fought back.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“There… There was that compass on the twenty-fourth floor…” Dina muttered.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Ree!” Sylphie said, valiantly coming to Jake’s defense.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Yeah, Sylphie is right. We didn’t need it, so who cares?” In any event, Jake knew it was a losing battle.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Chances are we could also proceed without this Firebane Talisman, but not using it strikes me as wasteful, seeing as it <span id="page_129"></span>cannot even be brought out of Nevermore,” the Sword Saint piled on.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“So I gave it to Dina—case closed,” Jake said as he used the number-one strategy to get out of trouble: misdirect. “Hey, Minaga, I have a question. If you are willing to answer, that is.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s15">“It is pretty hard to know if I am going to answer before you ask the question,”</span> Minaga answered with a hint of snark.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Sorry, sorry. I do love the break room, by the way. I wanted to ask about the time-based achievement we got. More accurately, how it works. 500 points seem like a lot, but at the same time, few would have a chance to do it that fast, so is the achievement for doing it within a day the only one?”</p>
<p class="class_sp">“Well, there is one that gives 100 points for doing it in less than a week, 200 points for less than five days, 350 points for less than three days, and finally, 500 points for less than a day. Congratulations, you got the best one there, but you did miss out on other achievements!”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“I see.” Jake nodded. “Just to ask… was it possible to kill the Demon Lord during our first encounter?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s15">“Naturally, it was possible… just as you could have attacked me in the opening room if you so desired,”</span> Minaga said in his usual cheerful voice. <span class="class_s15">“Not saying doing either would have done you any good, but it was an option. Now, enjoy the break room and relax! At least try out the free bar.”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Minaga vanished again, and while Jake did want to move on quickly, he kind of got the feeling keeping Minaga happy would do him good. That some eccentric dungeon master was part of Nevermore, a transformed World Wonder, and that you had to keep the weird guy happy to not get fucked over was admittedly a bit weird… but what could he do about it? Seeing as Minaga <span id="page_130"></span>had made the entire thirty-first floor collapse behind them, it was likely he could actually influence the dungeon if he wished, even if the collapse had just been a joke.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">In that sense, it was also somewhat comforting that he had done nothing to mess with Jake. He could have easily scrambled the hallways, switched the locations of rooms with keys, reassigned which monsters had keys, and a slew of other things, but he had done none of it. So while Jake didn’t think Minaga would outright work against him, it seemed silly to risk it. Thus, he bit the bullet and sat down at the bar.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Looking at all the flasks on display, he extended a string of mana and picked out a few that seemed interesting. Dina and the Sword Saint walked over to join him as he began mixing stuff at random, making different drinks. He had a failure rate of about ninety percent, but he did manage to make some stuff that at least didn’t make him retch. His Sense of the Malefic Viper also allowed him to sense the general level of alcohol within each bottle. This was mainly important to make sure Sylphie didn’t have any, as she was still too young to drink. Dina also didn’t like alcohol, so they went to the section with non-alcoholic drinks.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“Why do you inferior lifeforms even consume these things?”</span> the Fallen King asked, clearly just jealous he was the only one who couldn’t enjoy Jake’s mixing skills.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Because we can, and some of them are tasty.” Jake smiled. “I could ask you the same about consuming natural treasures. You have eaten literal rocks.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“They were precious gemstones containing soul</span>⁠<span class="class_s13">—”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Shiny rocks, then,” Jake said, grinning.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The five of them stayed in this in-between room longer than they had planned, thoroughly falling for Minaga’s trick. Then again, perhaps it was good for them to have a mental reset, and Jake had a strong feeling that was what these rooms were designed for. The five of them had dealt with the oppressive <span id="page_131"></span>mist for less than a full day, but being within it just for a few hours was suffocating. Without something like his sphere or other things to help find the way, Jake could see others spending months just walking in a fog.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Yeah, he could see why someone would need a drink and a nice soak in the open-air bath after that.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake and company still only stayed for a few hours to check out the local amenities before moving on to the thirty-second floor.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Walking through the gateway, they found themselves in a room that was pretty similar to the one on the thirty-first. A few seconds after they appeared, another floor description popped up.</p>
<p class="class_s8t1">Welcome to the thirty-second floor of Nevermore: Minaga’s Labyrinth (Part 2)</p>
<p class="class_s8x1">Main objective: Reach the end of the Labyrinth.</p>
<p class="class_s8x1">Bonus objectives: N/A</p>
<p class="class_s8x1">Current progress: End reached (0/1)</p>
<p class="class_s8x1">Note: More events, achievements, or objectives may be hidden on the floor.</p>
<p class="class_s14">Current Nevermore Points: 16,682</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The first thing Jake noticed was the name of the floor. To just call it part two was honestly lazy, and he would have expected more of Minaga. Alas, Jake would let it go in an act of benevolence.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">As expected, Minaga once more popped into existence on the room’s central platform, though he didn’t bother with the light show this time around.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Hello, there! Long time, no see,” Minaga said in his usual joking tone. “I guess we all know what we are doing here. Are <span id="page_132"></span>you going to be pathetic disappointments to all of the gods that blessed you—and the saddest excuse for a Unique Lifeform I have ever seen—or are you going to keep going at the Archmage difficulty? You can totally downgrade if you want to act like little⁠—”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Same difficulty,” Jake said, waving him off.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Surprising,” Minaga said in a deadpan tone.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Say,” the Sword Saint began, “the first time around, you mentioned that one could increase or decrease the difficulty by one at the start of every floor. Does that mean there is a difficulty above Archmage we can increase it to?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake looked at the Sword Saint and gave him a mental thumbs-up. He hadn’t even considered that.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“That is a very good question,” Minaga said with a smile. “But no, there is not. I should probably change the wording in the initial briefing, huh? Well, good catch either way!”</p>
<p class="class_s9j1">Achievement earned: Ask Minaga a good question. 1 Nevermore Point earned.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The system announcement surprised all of them.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake just stared at the Unique Lifeform. “Really?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Are you complaining?” Minaga asked teasingly. “Can’t take them back, but I can make sure you won’t get any more.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Nope, definitely not complaining, just surprised,” Jake quickly backpedaled.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Oh, then no worries, no worries.” Minaga waved him off. “Now for the second thing we have to deal with…”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">As Minaga stood on the platform with his usual smile, he seemed to be waiting for something. Jake exchanged a glance with the others, but none had any idea what the hell he wanted <span id="page_133"></span>them to do. After nearly ten seconds of awkward silence, Minaga scratched his chin.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Nothing?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“What did you expect?” Jake asked.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Well, I just said it was an option to attack me, so… you know.” Minaga shrugged.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“But you also said it wouldn’t necessarily do us any good, and I have a strong feeling it would end badly if we did attack,” Jake pointed out.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Oh, it definitely would. But you also didn’t attack because we are becoming friends, and it would feel bad to attack me, right?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Oh, definitely that also,” Jake agreed.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“I knew we had built a good rapport,” Minaga said with a smile. “Now, go forth and conquer the second part of my labyrinth! This one will be different; I can promise you that!”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">With that, Minaga was gone again. The five of them exchanged glances as the large gate leading into the labyrinth began opening. Once it opened, the familiar fog rolled out, and without hesitation, Jake and the others made their way inside. Releasing a Pulse of Perception, Jake scanned what was ahead of them. At a cursory glance, it looked mostly the same, except he saw humanoid figures actually walking in some of the halls.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake also spotted one other thing. Only about a hundred meters into the hallway, a lone humanoid figure was sitting on the ground with their back against the wall. Jake shared his findings, and they quickly made their way to this lone figure.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">They couldn’t see if they were human or not, as the person was fully covered in metallic armor that now had red scars all over it and several melted pieces. The moment they got close, the armored person lazily turned their head.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“You… were you the ones who released that monster?” came a strained male voice.</p>
<p id="page_134" class="class_s8h2">Jake used Identify and was kind of surprised to see his level equaling that of the Demon Lord.</p>
<p class="class_s9j1">[Knight of Light’s Dawn – lvl 270]</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“He is dying,”</span> Dina shared through their link. Considering she said it with such certainty, Jake saw no reason to doubt her—and thus, no reason to lie.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“If you are talking about the Demon Lord, then yes,” Jake answered. “But accidentally.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Curse you… Curse all of you!” the Knight said as he tried to stand up, but he stumbled and fell to the ground instantly, then stopped moving.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“Dead,”</span> the Fallen King said.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Not entirely.” The Sword Saint frowned as the corpse began leaking dark energy. An energy that was familiar to Jake.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">A curse manifested from the corpse of the Knight. It took on a vaguely humanoid form that then lifted one of its arms and pointed at their party.</p>
<p class="class_sp">“Absolve yourselves!”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">As the curse exploded outwards from the body and towards them, a bonus objective finally appeared before their eyes.</p>
<p class="class_sp">Bonus objective gained: Slay the Demonic Cultist Prime Summoner to dispel the curse.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Yet just as the curse was about to invade their bodies, Jake took out Eternal Hunger. The curse energy trying to attack instantly stopped when his katar released a pulse of energy. Without even the slightest chance to resist, every single speck of curse energy was absorbed by his weapon.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Not bad,” Jake said, seeing that Eternal Hunger had quite liked the curse. High-quality curse, but a bit lacking in the <span id="page_135"></span>energy department. At least none of them had been affected at all, so that was nice.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s15">“Seriously? Again?”</span> the exasperated voice of Minaga echoed. <span class="class_s15">“I am trying to teach you about consequences here.”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake shrugged. “Should have had a better curse.”</p>
</body>
</html>
