<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>part0013</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../page_styles.css"/>
</head>
  <body class="class4">
<div class="class_s8f1"><div class="class_s8d"><div class="class_s9"><div class="class_s10"><p class="class_s11">Chapter 9</p></div></div><h1 id="id__798_99_" class="heading_s1h">Minaga's Labyrinth</h1></div></div>
<p class="class_s8h3"><span class="class_s8h1">T</span>he thirty-first floor felt different from the moment they arrived. They walked out of the gateway and into a large chamber that looked like part of some temple, with white pillars lining the walls and a large, elevated stone platform in the middle. Towards the other end of the chamber was a massive gate with a glowing rune on it, emanating impressive power. Through his sphere, Jake also felt that outside of these chamber walls, only the void existed, meaning they were definitely not meant to try and go there. Not that he even thought they could, as the walls gave him the feeling they were practically indestructible.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">However, none of these things explained why this place felt different. The explanation for that came from the mana in the air… Rather than being the usual environmental mana, this was not in any way natural. After exchanging a glance with the Fallen King and feeling Sylphie shuffle a bit on his shoulder, he knew they all felt it.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">This was the domain of a living being, or perhaps even the interior of some creature’s body—though that didn’t seem likely, considering the void outside the walls. No, chances were they’d <span id="page_95"></span>entered a claimed domain akin to a world formed by a high-grade space mage.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">As they all took in the environment, the introduction to the floor appeared.</p>
<p class="class_s8t1">Welcome to the thirty-first floor of Nevermore: Minaga’s Labyrinth</p>
<p class="class_s8x1">Main objective: Reach the end of the Labyrinth.</p>
<p class="class_s8x1">Bonus objectives: N/A</p>
<p class="class_s8x1">Current progress: End reached (0/1)</p>
<p class="class_s8x1">Note: More events, achievements, or objectives may be hidden on the floor.</p>
<p class="class_s14">Current Nevermore Points: 14,622</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Staring at the message, one thing instantly occurred to Jake: This was the first floor without a bonus objective. Perhaps that meant achievements and bonus events were also limited on this floor. Seeing the name, though, Jake felt quite a bit more confident. Labyrinth… Jake was good at labyrinths.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake was about to speak, but he stopped himself when he faintly felt a new presence appear.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s15">“Welcome, welcome, welcome! Oh, I am so excited to have some more visitors! Such esteemed guests, too!”</span> The jovial voice echoed as the entire chamber lit up. A light show featuring all the colors of the rainbow played out along the walls, and on the central platform, a figure appeared as space warped.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake was instantly on alert once he observed the being.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Blue skin, two legs, and two arms. A generally humanoid form, making Jake almost mistake them for a blue human. Yet the creature had four eyes on its head, a large mouth, no nose, and, instead of hair, short tendrils grew out of its scalp, <span id="page_96"></span>wriggling slightly every time the creature spoke. A loose-fitting blue robe covered its body, held in place only by a belt. This meant Jake couldn’t see if the creature had any other peculiar features hidden beneath.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“My name is Minaga, your glorious host. Truly a pleasure to make your acquaintance.” The creature flashed a big smile as he looked at Jake and the others, and then the entire light show died down.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake used Identify and was taken aback.</p>
<p class="class_svb">[<span class="class_s15">Minaga – lvl 275</span>]</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">He knew, without a shadow of a doubt, that this Minaga was more powerful than any C-grade he had ever stood before. Definitely stronger than anything in Nevermore… which did make Jake wonder why he—Jake was pretty sure the creature identified as male—had shown up at the beginning of this floor.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">While Jake pondered this, he felt the Fallen King tense up at his side when the creature laid eyes on him, and as the being spoke… he understood why.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Oh, a fellow Unique Lifeform? How fun, how fun.” Minaga looked down at the Fallen King for a few moments before shifting his gaze to Jake. “And a C-grade Chosen of the Malefic Viper? Even a Transcendent? Oh, is that a mutated version of Nature’s Attendant’s Bloodline? Interesting, interesting… but not quite as interesting as you, Sylphian Hawk! Never even heard of your race before! I know Sylphs, but… Oh, wait, too much information, right? Ha ha!”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“I am beginning to get the feeling you have not shown up before us as an opponent,” the Sword Saint spoke as he bowed. “I am Miyamoto.”</p>
<p id="page_97" class="class_s8h2">“Right on!” Minaga said with a grin. “As I said, I am your host! It is your honor and your privilege to have me let you go through the wonderful labyrinth that I have spent oh so long constructing.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Are you a dungeon master of some kind?” Jake asked curiously. “Do you perhaps work for the Wyrmgod and made this floor for him?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Based on how this Unique Lifeform spoke, he obviously knew of the outside world, meaning he was likely someone who had existed on the outside before this. Perhaps someone who had just entered Nevermore around the last integration.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“I work <span class="class_s13">with, </span>not <span class="class_s13">for</span> the Wyrmgod, but otherwise, your assessment is correct… Jake, was it?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“I never told you my name.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Right, you didn’t. Anyway, let’s get this show on the road!”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“Who are you?”</span> the King asked, refusing to let the topic go.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“I am alpha and omega, the beginning and the end, but more commonly just known as Minaga. Oh, well, I guess—seeing as you are all pretty influential people—I can give a small hint. I know who you all are, and you know so little about me, so it’s only fair. I am the creator of this labyrinth, and I am more than you see before you right now. But most importantly, I like to snack on mana berries.” He ended with a grin.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Very informative.” Jake shook his head. “Either way, you seem to know about us, and you are not particularly willing to tell us much about you, but can you at least tell us what we are meant to do here? Seeing as the gate behind you is still shut, I assume we must have you open it?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Straight to the point! I like it! Unlike Vilastromoz, who never likes getting to the point… unless the point is a poisoned needle he pricks you with, in which case he can be a bit too happy getting to the point…” Minaga gave an overdramatic sigh. “But you are right. See, I wanted to make this entire thing a bit <span id="page_98"></span>more interesting, so before you enter my labyrinth, you have a choice to make!”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Opening his arms, the entire room lit up once more. Five giant pillars of light descended from nowhere, each containing a large, floating rune that corresponded to a word. Jake quickly checked them all from left to right.</p>
<p class="class_s9j1">Initiate – Apprentice – Adept – Mage – Archmage</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Seeing as we are all smart people, I don’t think I have to explain to you what we have there. That’s right… It is, of course, different difficulties! A floor with multiple difficulty levels from the very beginning is quite innovative, eh?” Minaga asked this rhetorically and with clear pride. “Naturally, it’s a great idea. I came up with it, after all. Alright, alright, it isn’t overly original, but you didn’t see it on any prior floors, now, did you? So, any questions?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“When you say difficulty level, how exactly does it impact the floor?” the Sword Saint asked.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“In every way,” Minaga said, smiling. “Size, danger, enemy level, more powerful variants, the bosses, complexity of the labyrinth. It is quite an extensive makeover. Also, it isn’t just this floor. My labyrinth is kind of big, so I decided it should take up ten floors to make it more fun.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake frowned upon hearing it was ten floors… Wasn’t there meant to be a city layer after floor thirty-fiv⁠—</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“You are probably thinking, ‘but isn’t there a city layer after floor thirty-five?’ And you are right that there should be, but you see, I decided to make it a part of the labyrinth! Once more, innovation at its finest. Now, which difficulty do you all want? Do note that you can only lower or increase it by one level every time you enter a new floor.”</p>
<p id="page_99" class="class_s8h2">There wasn’t really any need to discuss it, was there? Jake quickly exchanged a glance with the others and was about to answer when their “host” spoke once more.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Actually, why do I even ask? You are, of course, going for the Archmage difficulty, right?” Minaga tilted his head while looking at them. “If you didn’t, that would be pretty darn pathetic, considering your party setup. Oh, and also, doing it all on the Archmage difficulty gives the best rewards, so I highly recommend it. Maybe there is even something special at the end if you do it all on the highest difficulty… Hint, hint.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Can’t see why we wouldn’t go for the Archmage difficulty.” Jake shrugged. “It isn’t like Nevermore was particularly challenging before this. Wait, unless choosing the highest difficulty means submerging the entire labyrinth underwater…”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“No worries, no worries, no water theme here,” Minaga said, shaking his head. “You know, I never even liked these water-themed floors. Yet the Wyrmgod insists on having them every damn era for some silly reason. Sure, you can argue it is unfair for aquatic lifeforms that Nevermore doesn’t really cater to them, but it isn’t like the system doesn’t go out of its way to help them deal with the harsh reality of dry land.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Well, great… How do we select the difficulty?” Jake asked, glad that the Unique Lifeform had at least some idea of how to design a proper dungeon floor.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“You already have.” Minaga grinned as four of the pillars disappeared, leaving only the final one in place. It lit up with intense light before exploding in a cascade of multicolored wisps, bathing the chamber. Their host looked damn proud of the display as he smiled at the group.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“With that done, good luck to you all! Ah, and Jake, don’t worry too much about all that Yip of Yore business; I am sure you got it covered! Then again, I will definitely say the exact same thing to Ell’Hakan when he appears and tell him <span id="page_100"></span>not to worry about you, but don’t let that take away from me encouraging you right now! You dying would also make a bunch of factions sad—especially the Endless Empire—so just don’t die inside my labyrinth, alright?” In his usual jovial tone, Minaga added, “Dealing with complaints is so annoying. Now, let the challenge begin! Don’t get too lost inside, okay?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">With those words, the grand gate behind him opened. Jake stared at the creature while processing what he had just said and his clearly contemporary information. Minaga gave them a final grin and a farewell before slowly fading away.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“I’ll be watching with high expectations! Oh, and of course, remember to have fun!”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Once he was gone and the path forward was open, the Fallen King scoffed.<span class="class_s13"> “What an insufferable creature,”</span> the Unique Lifeform said, complaining about… the other Unique Lifeform.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“I thought he was kind of funny…” Dina said, a bit unsure.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“This creature is clearly not some random dungeon monster or Floor Boss, and he seems fully aware of what is happening in the outside world in real time,” the Sword Saint mused. “The level of 275 is clearly not accurate either, though he did register to me as truly only at that level.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Maybe some kind of cloning skill?” Jake wondered aloud. “Or perhaps summoning of some kind. There could be a lot of explanations. Shit, maybe he just has an earpiece and has someone talking in his ear, telling him what to do and say.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s15">“I don’t,”</span> the voice of Minaga suddenly echoed through the room.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">They all stood silently for a few seconds until it became clear the damn guy had no intentions of saying anything more or otherwise reappearing.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“As I said, absolutely insufferable,”</span> the King once more said.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Ree?” Sylphie tilted her head.</p>
<p id="page_101" class="class_s8h2">“Yeah, I also think the comedic timing was pretty good,” Jake said. “The Fallen King is just mad this Unique Lifeform is more unique than him. But I do agree it would be fun to prove him wrong.”</p>
<p class="class_sp">“Good luck with that!”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake smiled at the encouraging voice as he looked towards the gate leading onwards. “Oh, we won’t need luck.”</p>
<p class="class_sp">“He, he… I think you will. Did I forget to mention one of the more interesting properties of my little labyrinth?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Something came out of the gate leading into the labyrinth as he said this. A dense bluish mist or perhaps fog entered the room, and Jake frowned as it slowly reached them. Seeing through the fog was incredibly difficult; Jake found his vision limited to only a few hundred meters ahead of him. And he was the best off due to his high Perception stat.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The others could barely see a few dozen meters ahead, with even skills getting limited. More than that, Jake felt like the atmosphere was somehow denser. Wanting to test the environment, he tried using One Step, but rather than teleporting to the other side of the room, he only moved eight or so meters.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s15">“Not that easy, huh?”</span> Minaga said jokingly. <span class="class_s15">“This is a special something I cooked up so this labyrinth wouldn’t be so easily passed. Space mages are damn annoying and find ways to surpass things, and scouting skills would nullify much of the challenge, so I got rid of them. Oh, and hey, seeing as none of you seem into that divination stuff, I guess I can share that I even created false flags and whatnot to make divination actively harmful. I know, I know, my genius once more shines through. Ah, but don’t worry—the rooms with fighting in them don’t have the mist present, only the hallways.”</span></p>
<p id="page_102" class="class_s8h2">“Are you going to narrate and keep talking throughout this entire labyrinth?” Jake asked.</p>
<p class="class_sp">“A privilege, is it not?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“More like an added challenge through constant auditory mental attacks,” Jake said jokingly while shaking his head.</p>
<p class="class_sp">“You know, the vast majority of people really avoid saying anything negative aloud, as they are afraid I will up the difficulty or think I have some other way to screw them over. To clarify, I do. Not that I am actually offended; a bit of banter is what makes the world spin. Besides, if any of you were negatively, tangibly affected simply by my talking, then that seems more like a you-problem and less of a me-problem. In which case, I would simply view the situation as me helping you overcome your weak mentality. Or watch you die. A lot of people that weak-minded usually just die.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Sure, sure.” Jake nodded as he turned and looked at the others through the blue mist. “Let’s get going?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Let us,” the Sword Saint agreed.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">None of them wanted to delay more than necessary, so they moved into Minaga’s Labyrinth through the giant gate. The hall they entered was massive, nearly twenty meters across and forty meters high, with an arched ceiling. Jake watched out for traps using his sphere as they walked through but spotted nothing.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Seeing as it was relatively safe, they picked up the pace and rushed through straight ahead. Rushed, in this case, was not actually that fast, as none of their movement-related skills worked properly. Even just running wasn’t as fast as it should be due to the mist. On their way, they encountered several side paths but kept going forward until, soon enough, they met another large magical gate. Studying it, Jake saw that it had four magic seals on it.</p>
<p id="page_103" class="class_sp">“Oh, what is this? A sealed gate you must pass to keep moving forward? Looks like you will need four keys to unlock it. Where could these keys be? Perhaps some of the side paths you passed earlier lead to rooms that may offer a key, or maybe they lead to dead ends or traps. I guess you will have to go check.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake stared at the gate and slowly nodded. All kinds of perception-related abilities were limited. Sylphie even complained about the wind being completely silent. This place was designed to force people to slowly explore each path. Of course… there was one thing Minaga could not address.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Closing his eyes, Jake focused and took a deep breath. A Pulse of Perception echoed out of his being as he opened his eyes again and smiled.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">It was time to take their dear host down a peg.</p>
</body>
</html>
