<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>part0051</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../page_styles.css"/>
</head>
  <body class="class4">
<div class="class_s8f1"><div class="class_s8d"><div class="class_s9"><div class="class_s10"><p class="class_s11">Chapter 47</p></div></div><h1 id="id__798_137_" class="heading_s1h">Many Minagas, Handle it! (Yes, I have made this reference before, sue me)</h1></div></div>
<p class="class_s8h3"><span class="class_s8h1">T</span>housands of lasers the width of a pencil spun around the room, cutting through it with intense speed and power. Every single person in Jake’s party summoned their best defenses or tried to dodge. Sylphie even turned her entire body into wind to resist most of the damage.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The Fallen King intensified the energy in his shield as best he could, and Dina jumped back as walls of roots continuously rose in front of her to try and block the attack, sacrificing layer after layer. The Sword Saint summoned several veils of water along with an odd painting that radiated intense energy. They all did their best to block or lessen the damage of the attack.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">All except for one.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The moment before Minaga unleashed his attack, Jake rushed forward, stepping down and teleporting. Despite the shockwave slightly destabilizing space, he got more than halfway to the Unique Lifeform before the laser show began.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Because there was one place the attack didn’t hit: right below itself. Right where Minaga stood.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake sprinted as the lasers arrived, more than a dozen beams sweeping in from the side. Despite this, Jake did not slow down <span id="page_482"></span>in the slightest. Both katars appeared in his hands just as the first beam hit, but Jake was ready.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Using Eternal Hunger’s edge, he reflected the first ray of light. The beam moved so fast he had to use the Blackpoint Blade as a bridge to make it flash past him. At the same time, Jake dove in between two beams and used every small spot he could fit through. Briefly, he met the eyes of Minaga, who just stared at him.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">He kept staring as Jake dodged hundreds of beams within a second, finally arriving in the safe zone right below the disco ball.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s15">“That is some bullcrap right the</span>⁠<span class="class_s15">—”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake kept going with his momentum and slammed both katars into the chest of Minaga, who was still casting the spell. He penetrated halfway to the hilt with both weapons before the light show stopped, and then his danger sense exploded. He jumped back, not even having the time to try and pull out his weapons.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">A beam shot down right where Jake had just stood. He pivoted around it, slamming a dark green, glowing palm into the Unique Lifeform’s side while the beam of light burned a hole dozens of meters into the ground. Minaga seemed to have had enough: The sound of the disco ball shattering sounded out, and thousands of razor-thin shards of glass descended upon Jake, forcing him to properly retreat.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jumping back, he failed to fully dodge his own Blackpoint Blade, which Minaga had sent telekinetically flying after him, leaving a cut on his cheek. Eternal Hunger had already been recalled as Jake made his retreat.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake wasn’t even sure how prematurely he had interrupted the large spell, but he was sure as hell happy he had. Seeing as Minaga was not following up with more spells, Jake assumed he <span id="page_483"></span>couldn’t, so he pulled out his bow and began pelting the Unique Lifeform while checking in on his teammates.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Sylphie had managed to come out of it mostly unscathed, but she had consumed a lot of energy from thousands of beams of light sweeping through her elemental form. Dina had also come out okay, though she too had consumed a lot of mana by repeatedly summoning her root walls, with Bobo only barely managing to block what did get through. She’d still received a nasty cut right above one of her eyes, but she was quickly healing it.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The Sword Saint was surprisingly unscathed as he stood behind a large painting. The painting itself had been utterly burned to a crisp and pierced in places, and the Sword Saint’s expression suggested losing that particular painting was not a pleasant experience. From the telepathic mark, he also made it clear that was a limited-use skill with high energy consumption.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Finally, there was the Fallen King, who—to put it nicely—looked like shit. The constant barrage of lasers had managed to get through his barrier, leaving hundreds of burn marks crisscrossing his entire body. The only untouched parts were the mask and the ivory hands and feet, which were too naturally tough to be affected.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Despite clearly being damaged, the Fallen King did not seem affected, nor did he hesitate to make a move to at least get some revenge. Golden energy gathered in both of his hands as he unleashed a large, golden beam carrying energy of the soul-damaging variant.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Dina and the Sword Saint also engaged as Sylphie dove down, a whirlwind of slicing winds surrounding her. The next few seconds resulted in Minaga getting dozens of minor injuries as four people went HAM on him during his period of weakness, while Dina focused on healing everyone.</p>
<p id="page_484" class="class_s8h2">Five seconds after the spell stopped, magic from Minaga reappeared. A tornado of fire erupted from his body, throwing away the Sword Saint, and his hand shot out a howling blast of snow and ice, launching Dina toward the back of the room. Jake managed to dodge both of these and navigate a stable arrow around the magic, striking Minaga in the chest. A blast of force hit the exact same spot as Jake’s arrow, making it pierce even deeper than before. With a mental command from Jake, it exploded, bathing Minaga in destructive arcane energies.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake’s eyes opened wide as he was forced to summon a stable arcane barrier against the gust of wind sweeping towards him. It only managed to lift Jake off the floor and send him skittering back, but the Fallen King was less lucky. A spike of metal flew out from Minaga, piercing him in the chest and blasting him back until he hit a wall. Said wall then began to fold as if wanting to crush him, but the Fallen King released an omnidirectional shockwave, freeing himself.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Minaga attacking Jake and the Fallen King once more gave Sylphie and the Sword Saint an opening, and they both struck. By now, they had begun to get a far better read on Minaga’s abilities as well as his overreliance on hand motions to cast. As they found more and more small openings, the wounds on Minaga accumulated a bit at a time. Whatever damage Jake and the others took was swiftly handled by Dina, who focused primarily on healing and landing the occasional strike if she saw a good opening.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">After Jake landed a solid Powershot a few minutes later, making Minaga reel back with a bloody chest, he suddenly stopped mid-movement and grinned. His body was full of wounds, but he seemed unbothered.<span class="class_s15"> “Oh, damn. I hit seventy percent health! Do you all know what that means? That’s right—it’s time for phase two!”</span></p>
<p id="page_485" class="class_s8h2">Jake got a bad feeling as he heard this. He wanted to shoot another arrow at Minaga, but he suddenly felt space warping around him as Minaga took out an odd orb and raised it. At the same time, his body began to warp, too.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">As they all watched, more Minagas appeared. Five versions of himself looked to almost walk out of the original as the orb above him exploded, and Jake’s vision momentarily went dark.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">He found himself transported to another arena, standing alone in front of a clone of Minaga.</p>
<p class="class_sp">“Ha ha! After spending nearly half of my remaining health points, I have successfully split you up, and on your lonesome, you shall face this clone holding an undefined percentage of my true power! Only after you have defeated it can you enter the arenas of your party members and assist them in killing their respective clones. After you have slain all of the clones, you may return to the main boss room once more and face me in a final phase!”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake stared at the clone and got a feel for its power. It was a lot weaker, but not weak by any means. What’s more, if they were all facing their own versions… Jake wasn’t sure how all the others would do—especially Dina, who’d had to consume a lot of energy thus far.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s15">“What, no banter?”</span> Minaga said, sounding disappointed.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Without hesitation, Jake charged. If he could only help the others after he was done here, it meant he had no intentions of delaying. Mid-charge, his speed increased as Arcane Awakening activated at the offensive 50%. His reason for entering melee rather than staying at range was simple… He was pretty sure Minaga was way better than him at ranged combat.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">He did not believe Minaga was better at dodging in a melee brawl.</p>
<p id="page_486" class="class_s8h2">Minaga grinned at Jake’s charge as both staves appeared. One of them sent a flamethrower toward him, but Jake quickly jumped to the side and, with another jump, continued his charge. With a swipe of the other staff, a barricade of rock spears shot out of the ground. Jake vaulted over them before they had even fully emerged.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Dozens of orbs appeared all around Minaga as beams of light shot out, but Jake expertly dodged them all and stepped down one final time, teleporting right in front of the Unique Lifeform. A staff flew down towards his head, but Jake had already slipped by it and landed a solid jab at Minaga’s chest. This time, the weapon penetrated far deeper than on the real version, leaving a solid wound.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Metal chains shot out from one of the staves, but Jake fired a shockwave of arcane mana and blasted them away before he managed to land another cut. Minaga retaliated fast by unleashing an explosion of fire, making Jake jump back. Mid-jump, he pulled out his bow and fired a single arrow in an instant, taking the Unique Lifeform by surprise to leave a nice hole in his chest.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Landing, Jake teleported into melee again. Minaga was already preparing to launch a ranged attack. He successfully interrupted Minaga by stabbing his arm, continuing his relentless assault. Jake had no plans of letting up as he continued his all-out aggression, never allowing Minaga to cast a major spell—assuming he even could in this split form. This required him to make some sacrifices, as his Scales of the Malefic Viper had to handle quite the brunt of magic attacks Jake chose to endure or only partly dodge to avoid disengaging for too long.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Minaga eventually began adapting, becoming more defensive and summoning metal barriers to defend himself while attempting to get some distance. Jake tried to stay close, but a <span id="page_487"></span>powerful mix of earth shards and wind magic made it difficult as, momentarily, the fight shifted to ranged combat.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Momentarily.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Through the use of Eternal Shadow, Jake managed to avoid a large spike of lava and once more close the distance.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake had time on his side, as the poison was slowly accumulating within Minaga, but he was also on a tight timeline. He had a nagging feeling that he was on a timer… As for whether this timer was due to his party members being in danger or some unknown factor, he had no way of knowing.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Either way, the best course of action would be a swift victory, no matter the scenario.</p>
<p class="class_ssv">Elsewhere, Jake’s other party members faced their respective clones. Sylphie’s room was a glorious battle of two domains of magic fighting one another. A bird and Unique Lifeform flew within, trying to find chances to strike at one another. Both sides consumed vast amounts of resources, with no clear winner in sight.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The Fallen King fought Minaga straight on, the other Unique Lifeform meeting him with a similar mindset. In the end, they were both Unique Lifeforms. A natural compulsion to compete was ingrained in both of them, even if Minaga was, by all rights, far more powerful, both in this form of himself within the dungeon and his true, likely divine version outside.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Other Unique Lifeforms were simply the closest they could ever get to kin, and this left them with a need to prove themselves superior. It was the same as with the Ashen Devourer. As such, their fight was fierce. Both parties went all-out from the get-go, trying to prove themselves the better Unique Lifeform.</p>
<p id="page_488" class="class_s8h2">Dina took a far more calculated approach. She communicated her strategy through the Golden Mark, and it was instantly approved. Rather than fighting Minaga, she went entirely on the defensive, not even trying to attack unless it was to interrupt something she found too dangerous to block, avoid, or heal through. She was strong, yes, but in a one-versus-one, she was likely the weakest in their party overall. Her offensive prowess was simply not that impressive.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">This left Jake’s final party member… the Sword Saint.</p>
<p class="class_ssv">Miyamoto listened to Minaga finish his speech as he prepared himself. The Unique Lifeform stood in front of him, seemingly just waiting for his opponent to make a move… but the Sword Saint had something bothering him.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“You’re holding yourself back, aren’t you?” he asked Minaga.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s15">“What makes you ask that?”</span> Minaga asked with a smile and a raised eyebrow.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Your movements are, at times, almost intentionally stilted when you swing the staff. As if you are purposefully making sure you do not pass a certain self-imposed threshold of technique. I have done so before when practicing with others.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s15">“Man, you are crazy good at fighting for a C-grade, you know that?”</span> The Unique Lifeform shook his head.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“I shall take that as a compliment,” the Sword Saint said, bowing.</p>
<p class="class_sp">“It was, so you should! Anyway, yeah, you are right, but it is what it is. Or do you not want it to be what it is?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“This may be inappropriate of me to ask, but…” The Sword Saint sighed. “Would you allow me to experience your guidance?”</p>
<p class="class_sp">“You want me to not hold back as much?”</p>
<p id="page_489" class="class_s8h2">“Yes, as impertinent as that may be,” the Sword Saint said, nodding. He knew he was being selfish in his request. They were there to beat the fight, and here he was, asking instead for guidance. While the others were trying to win quickly, he was just talking. No… he was asking for his fight to be made harder.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Minaga looked at him for a second before just smiling. <span class="class_s15">“You know what? Fine, I can bend the rules a bit. From here on out, this clone will not use any magic, but I shall raise my technique level proportionately to make up for it.”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“I thank you,” the Sword Saint said, bowing again. “I will also not⁠—”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s15">“No, you do everything you can to win.</span> <span class="class_s15">Trust me—you will need it. Also, I am changing your victory condition. Rather than defeat me, the other four clones just have to be destroyed.”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The Sword Saint knew not to argue, so he just nodded.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Minaga looked at him and grinned as he waved his hand, a sword appearing in front of him and floating. It looked like a weak, common-rarity steel sword that you could buy in bulk for cheap, and the Sword Saint did not feel anything special about it. What’s more… it was blunt. Not a shred of an edge present.</p>
<p class="class_sp">“Well, then. Prepare yourself. The lesson is about to begin, and you have only one task.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Reaching out, he grasped the sword, and the moment he did, Miyamoto jumped backward on instinct as his eyes opened wide.</p>
<p class="class_sp">“Survive.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Miyamoto desperately took a defensive stance, feeling like a child standing before his sword instructor for the very first time. Fear mixed with excitement as he prepared for a duel with someone of skill incomparably superior to his own.</p>
</body>
</html>
