<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>part0007</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../page_styles.css"/>
</head>
  <body class="class4">
<div class="class_s8f1"><div class="class_s8d"><div class="class_s9"><div class="class_s10"><p class="class_s11">Chapter 3</p></div></div><h1 id="id__798_93_" class="heading_s1h">The Worst Floor</h1></div></div>
<p class="class_s8h3"><span class="class_s8h1">T</span>he Wyrmgod of Nevermore. One of twelve Primordials, and a being often viewed as the greatest of all the dragons. The Draconian Accords had been overseen by the Wyrmgod, and all dragons in existence viewed him as the most powerful. While the Malefic Viper had also been a dragon before godhood, his chosen name made it clear he identified more as a snake than a dragon. Hence why the Wyrmgod got the title.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">When the Wyrmgod had managed to directly work with the system and create the World Wonder known as Nevermore—the most famous in all of the multiverse—the skill of this Primordial had only become more widespread. He was not only the most powerful dragon, but also the apex of all dungeon masters.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">No one could discount the achievements of the Wyrmgod… but on this fateful day, Jake did feel like he could question the title of apex dungeon master. Or perhaps even the greatest of dungeon masters fell victim to the folly of trying to do the impossible:</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Make a fun water level.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">And a folly it was. The third floor was complete shit compared to the two before it. Their group of five appeared on <span id="page_31"></span>the dry ground within a cave, but soon it became clear it was but a temporary refuge.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The only way out of this cavern was diving into a large pool of water extending into a vast ocean. Once they’d all appeared in the cavern, the system issued the message for this floor.</p>
<p class="class_s8t1">Welcome to the third floor of Nevermore: Deep Coral Ocean</p>
<p class="class_s8x1">Main objective: Defeat the Coral Ocean Lord.</p>
<p class="class_s8x1">Bonus objectives: Collect at least 500 Deepsea Pearls to open the Ancient Clam.</p>
<p class="class_s8x1">Current progress: Coral Ocean Lord (0/1), Deepsea Pearls (0/500)</p>
<p class="class_s8x1">Note: More events, achievements, or objectives may be hidden on the floor.</p>
<p class="class_s14">Current Nevermore Points: 90</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake hated the place from the very moment they appeared there, and the description of the place sure didn’t help. Defeat a boss? Sure. But collect five hundred fucking pearls? That sounded like suffering. To make matters worse, his one hope was dispelled when he looked at the Sword Saint shortly after they all realized what they were dealing with.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“I delve into the concept of rain, not water as a whole,” the old man said, shaking his head. “While my understanding does assist me, I too find myself heavily impeded while underwater.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake then looked to the King with hope.</p>
<p class="class_sbg2">“Water is an obstacle, but it is manageable. It weakens all but my soul magic, and while my force magic still has significant potency, I have to fight the environment itself.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Dina?</p>
<p id="page_32" class="class_s8h2">“Water plants… are rare,” Dina said, sounding a bit sad. “I don’t hear anyone nearby, either. I can do okay in water, though. Grandpa made sure I was prepared.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">So, at least they had one combatant. Their support. Jake looked at Sylphie, who he estimated to be the weakest of their group. As a bird primarily using the wind affinity, she was naturally unable to fly while in water, and would thus rely solely on her magic. Her speed would also be reduced, her maneuverability nil… Jake honestly considered if it was best for her to just take up the role of ranged fighter for this floor.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Sylphie, want me to help carry you?” Jake asked.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Ree?” Sylphie asked as she tilted her small head in confusion.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“The water,” Jake said, pointing. Then he had a realization. Had Sylphie ever really encountered deep water? The thought struck him, and he prepared to explain what Sylphie would face and how she’d probably need to acclimate herself to the pressure, but then she screeched again.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Ree, ree.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“No, you can’t fly in the water.” Jake shook his head. “There is no wind there. The pressure and density of the water will also make every action harder. You can’t even properly flap your wings.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Ree.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“I said you can’t.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Ree.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“It doesn’t work like that!”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Ree.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Yes, we can bet on it!”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Ree.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake had mixed feelings about what happened next. They had all rushed into the water at Jake’s ushering, with Sylphie being the last one to enter. He’d goaded the bird to please go <span id="page_33"></span>ahead and show him how she could “totally just fly in water like normal,” and he’d already had his “I told you so” ready on his lips when the bird dove into the water.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">And… yeah.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“I have difficulty comprehending how that works,”</span> the Fallen King said.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“She is indeed a peculiar creature,”</span> the Sword Saint echoed through telepathy.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Even Dina agreed. <span class="class_s13">“Yeah…”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake was floating there, surrounded by water and passively fighting off the pressure with the four others, while the hawk was just zooming around them, flying as if in normal air. She wasn’t even slower than before. Straining himself, Jake tried to see what Sylphie was doing, but no matter what he did, it just looked like Sylphie was flying as usual. As if the pressure didn’t really matter.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Ree!” Sylphie screeched, not even using telepathy.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“That makes even less sense!”</span> Jake complained. You couldn’t fucking talk underwater.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Ree.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“I… I give up. You win.” Once Jake surrendered, Sylphie happily flew over to him and perched on his shoulder while he swam just outside the small alcove leading into the vast ocean.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Perhaps he had been foolish to believe Sylphie cared about things such as logic, and he was now paying for his mistake by owing Sylphie “all the scratchies.” The hawk cashed in right away by forcing Jake to rub her stomach.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Either way… Sylphie’s unexpected prowess proved to be incredibly valuable. They all agreed on not wasting more time than necessary in the damn water level, resolving to find the boss and the exit as fast as possible. Because of Sylphie, they could explore things a lot more easily, and Dina could also summon some aquatic plants to help scout, albeit in fewer <span id="page_34"></span>numbers than above ground. Even if she could have made more, they encountered an issue on that front.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">While the prior floors had been relatively absent of enemies, this one was filled to the brim. Sharks, squids, fish, coral monsters, elementals, giant floating crabs, and even a few undead creatures. While none were a challenge for Jake and the others, as they were all weak variants below level 210, they were more than strong enough to kill Dina’s summons, reducing their ability to gather information. This meant they had to explore the ocean as a group. Sylphie was the best scout by far, as she was several times faster than anyone else.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Besides water, there were also giant rock formations floating in different areas, their buoyancy somehow allowing them to just float there without being attached to anything. Some of these were utterly huge and allowed their party to enter and find dry land within, and it soon became clear they’d appeared on this floor inside one of these floating rocks. They were actually needed, because compared to all prior floors… this one was not a speedrun.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Instead, it was a long and arduous journey of trying to explore an ocean that even Jake didn’t have good visibility in. Finding their target was a huge challenge, and Jake sent out Pulses of Perception so often that he got a headache just attempting to find something—anything—of note. Sylphie also took the initiative to fly upwards and find the surface while the others tried traveling downwards to the sea floor, but after quite a while, they reached another slightly horrifying conclusion.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The “ocean” had no bottom and no surface. It was just a huge bubble of water floating within a massive goddamn fishbowl. They did eventually find some kind of barrier that sealed in all the water, but their hope of discovering some clue as to the location of the final boss was shattered.</p>
<p id="page_35" class="class_s8h2">Their entire first day was spent trying to simply figure out the environment and find clues to locate the final boss. They did find a few pearls, all of which were carried by flying clam monsters, but they had no expectations of collecting all five hundred.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Combat was still piss-easy even when they got ganged up on, meaning the only real challenge was figuring out where the hell to go. Ultimately, they decided to split up and explore different areas of the huge fishbowl while using the King’s markers to stay in communication. Meanwhile, the King kept track of their locations and made sure they didn’t have any overlap in the areas they covered.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">This was how the first week of the dungeon passed by.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">For some reason, the Wyrmgod had decided that making the water floor larger than the preceding two was a great idea. Based on what the King said, the spherical ocean they were in had to be at least twenty thousand kilometers across, making it far larger than the entire planet on the first floor. Considering everyone besides Sylphie was also far slower in this environment… it was hell.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Two weeks into the water level, the Sword Saint found the giant clam they were supposed to give the pearls to for the bonus objective—not that it was any help. Meanwhile, Sylphie had located the gateway leading to the next floor, but before it would unlock, they had to find the final boss and kill it. Something none of them had managed to do yet.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Now, Jake liked to find positives wherever he could. While it was undeniable this floor was complete shit, and everyone hated it, it did force them all to take the time to properly adapt to an underwater environment. If one compared their speeds from the day they’d entered the ocean to now, they had all gotten significantly faster. Well, besides Sylphie, who’d never been bothered to begin with. The Sword Saint had managed to leverage the concept of rain to propel himself forward and <span id="page_36"></span>nearly merge with the water, while the Fallen King used his force magic to more aggressively move around, even shaping a barrier around himself to give his entire form better fluid dynamics.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Dina had slightly morphed her own body to almost resemble some ocean plant, helping her to adapt to the pressure and swim far faster. Finally, there was Jake.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake had not spent this period of time learning to swim faster, but instead working to adapt one skill: One Step, Thousand Miles. Space magic shouldn’t care that much about being underwater or above ground, and the environment should at most lead to increased energy consumption. His primary issue with the skill wasn’t actually the space magic part, but the activation of the skill. The act of taking a step.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Without any solid ground in the water, taking a step seemed impossible. Even if Jake condensed stable arcane platforms to step on, it was still damn slow. It was unnatural. While the entire concept of One Step was rooted in the natural movement of taking a step, one simply couldn’t walk underwater naturally. However, given that they were stuck in a damn ocean without much else to do, Jake had time to properly explore the skill.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">He considered dozens of ways to improve his use of the skill, such as condensing the water itself to harden it, then trying to step on the water itself with stomping motions to force himself forward, relying on constant platforms beneath his feet. He even had one crazy idea of making some spring-like system so that whenever he forced his foot downwards, the springs would collapse and make a stable arcane platform hit the sole of his boots. All of these ideas ended up being shit, but the experience alone did allow him to realize some things.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">It was all about making it natural. It couldn’t function using forced movements that Jake would never make if not for the skill. That was how he had his breakthrough on the sixteenth day. He slowly moved away from the concept of stepping down <span id="page_37"></span>normally and turned towards what he considered a “step” while in the water. If he didn’t have a seafloor to walk on, how would he normally move around?</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Well… Jake would swim. So, rather than trying to force his movements to fit with the skill, Jake changed his perspective to make the skill fit his movements. He also began to break away from some other usual assumptions. Normally, a step would be taken from a horizontal position, but Jake had walked on several vertical surfaces and used the skill like that before, so why would that be an issue while in the water?</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">This was a true three-dimensional space, and while some odd kind of gravity allowed them to know what was up and down, it wasn’t that impactful. With all his insights and realizations coming together, he finally managed to form a far more effective way of getting through the water.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Swimming forward, Jake naturally moved his legs up and down to propel himself, but rather than simply pushing against the water to move forward, he “stepped” on it. Every stroke teleported him several hundred meters in the direction he was facing. Coupled with Unblemished Arrows, the use of his Wings of the Malefic Viper to swim even faster, and his increased adaptation over time, Jake became far more potent in the water. He estimated he could still fight with nearly seventy-five percent effectiveness while in the water. He could also still do a normal “step” while in combat, but his new swimming-stepping was far faster for moving around the vast ocean.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Sadly, or perhaps luckily, he didn’t need these new capabilities much, as he did not do anything of note on this floor.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">On the twenty-second day, Sylphie finally encountered the Floor Boss. Their group had been under the assumption that something called the Coral Ocean Lord was stationary, given the nature of coral, but they found that to be an entirely wrong assumption. The boss was instead a huge floating rock filled with <span id="page_38"></span>corals that traveled around the ocean at an impressive speed. This was how they had somehow kept missing it despite feeling like they had explored everywhere.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Sylphie had only found it due to the whispers of the wind. While the wind was far quieter under the water, Sylphie eventually managed to hear it. The whispers told her of the environment, and after the Fallen King found a rock formation filled with seaweed that Dina then spoke to, they managed to narrow down the area the boss was in.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">While everyone would have loved to let out some pent-up frustration by teaming up and tearing up the Floor Boss together, Sylphie did it alone, as that was just faster. Meanwhile, the rest of the group headed toward the exit.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">On the dawn of the twenty-third day, they all promptly entered the gate and finished the god-awful water level.</p>
<p class="class_s8t1">Third floor completed. 30 Nevermore Points earned.</p>
<p class="class_s14">Nevermore Points: 120</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake noted that the floor gave 30 Nevermore Points upon completion, which made him believe that each floor’s points were simply the floor level multiplied by ten. They also didn’t get a single achievement, yet no one cared. They were just happy to be done with the third floor.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Sitting in the small in-between room before the fourth floor, they were all regrouped for the first time in weeks, and all relaxed as they reflected a bit on the third floor.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Even if this particular experience was less than pleasant, I do believe it was a valuable one,” the Sword Saint said. “If we find ourselves in a similar environment on a later floor, we are not entirely powerless, and I almost have a feeling the Wyrmgod placed a level such as this early on to prepare us.”</p>
<p id="page_39" class="class_s8h2">Wise words, yet Jake’s were even wiser.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Doesn’t make water levels like this less shit.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“While I do agree with that assessment, the Sword Saint is also correct,” </span>the Fallen King chimed in.<span class="class_s13"> “It is a potentially lethal weakness for our group that only the Sylphian can act unimpeded in the water. Improvements are needed</span>.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake nodded. “Yeah, we did all get better at dealing with water, and this will definitely prove beneficial if we encounter a water floor later on. Also, if some monster is capable of summoning a water domain or something, we won’t find ourselves as limited.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Dina also seemed in agreement. She looked deep in thought after the water level, having also not enjoyed it much.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Ree,” Sylphie said with a shrug, not understanding why they all cared so much. Jake seriously wanted to figure out how the hell Sylphie did it, but alas.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">He sighed and looked towards the next gate as the others went through the lockbox with loot. Once more, the reward was useless, and Jake was more determined than ever to get a move on. They had just wasted over three weeks, so now it was time to pick up the pace and rapidly clear their way to the first city layer.</p>
</body>
</html>
