<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>part0032</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../page_styles.css"/>
</head>
  <body class="class4">
<div class="class_s8f1"><div class="class_s8d"><div class="class_s9"><div class="class_s10"><p class="class_s11">Chapter 28</p></div></div><h1 id="id__798_118_" class="heading_s1h">Third Phase</h1></div></div>
<p class="class_s8h3"><span class="class_sub">F</span>or the most part, Jake ignored all the happenings around him, though the flashing golden lights, giant raincloud, and what sounded like a category-five tornado were somewhat distracting. The Demon Lord also clearly noticed his summoned help was being pressured, yet each time he prepared to go and help a Tower Demon, Jake pulled the big guy’s attention back to him.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s15">“You dare try and run away!?”</span> Jake yelled as the Demon Lord took a single step in the direction of the Sword Saint.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Enraged, the boss attacked, but he still seemed a tad distracted by all the other fights. Jake easily dodged the blow, but the boss only gave a lazy follow-up. He was losing his opponent’s attention.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">Perhaps I was a bit too relaxed offensively,</span> Jake surmised.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">If that was the case…</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Charging forward, Jake took advantage of the Demon Lord’s partial distraction. With full power, he thrust both katars into the chest of the Demon Lord, sending him skirting back from the impact. Although his blow did little, he charged in again as the annoyed boss tried to swipe him away. When the hand approached, Jake grinned and made his move.</p>
<p id="page_289" class="class_s8h2">He jumped straight up with Eternal Hunger aimed at the Demon Lord’s one eye. At the same time, another version of himself simply took a step forward and placed a hand glowing dark green on the armored chest of the demon. As expected, his opponent went for the version of Jake aiming for its head, the Jake below obscured from vision by his jumping clone.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">At the very last moment, the jumping version stabbed toward the hand trying to grab him, and the Demon Lord happily took that trade. Two katars penetrating flesh in exchange for grabbing the annoying human that had pestered and insulted him? Why would he not go for that?</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s15">“I got yo</span>⁠<span class="class_s15">—”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The moment the boss closed his hand, Jake turned into black mist. Confused, the Demon Lord tried to figure out what was going on. Only then did he seem to notice the other Jake standing with a hand on his armor.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">For a moment, the Demon Lord just stared at Jake, who looked back up at him with a grin.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Blind as a bat,” Jake said, not even bothering to infuse his voice with Willpower. He didn’t need Pride to make this taunt work.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The demon’s expression warped as he roared, yet Jake jumped back, landed, and teleported even further away. Right as he landed, the Demon Lord charged, swinging his blade widely and forcing Jake to once more go fully on the defensive.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Actually, that was rude—bats aren’t even blind,” Jake muttered as he dodged a large swing, closing in and briefly touching the same spot as before to activate Touch again.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">In an attempt to crush him, the Demon Lord summoned a giant seal of fire above himself and brought it all down, exploding an area nearly fifty meters in diameter. Jake had already teleported away, and the moment the flames subsided, <span id="page_290"></span>he stepped down once more, teleported into melee, dodged under a punch, and gave the boss yet another poke with Touch.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Yeah, you are worse than a bat,” Jake continued as he dodged attack after attack. “Wait, do you even know what bats are? Probably not. You don’t strike me as the clever sort.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s15">“Silence, pathetic vermin!”</span> the Demon Lord roared as he quite literally breathed fire.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Wow, yeah, that is nearly correct; some do classify bats as vermin. Some also call them flying rats. Or mice. Not sure. Either way, good job. I am proud of you!”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s15">“I said </span><span class="class_s79f">silence</span><span class="class_s15">!”</span> the boss yelled, slamming his sword into the floor to send tiles and fire flying everywhere.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake had already jumped and protected himself with an arcane barrier as he prepared himself for the next blow. Grinning, he said, “Silence? Nah, I don’t think so. Unless you want to start by listening to me first?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The Demon Lord stabbed toward Jake, but he once more used Eternal Shadow to split himself. His two versions dodged to either side of the wide blade. The demon looked momentarily confused at seeing him split in two and failed to respond when Jake landed his next blow. This one was purely mental in nature.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Could you…” the real Jake said as he kicked the Demon Lord in the face for no real damage.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“… be nice…” his Eternal Shadow followed up as he kicked the other chin.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Angry, the boss went for the real Jake, yet as he tried to grab him, Jake used the Demon Lord’s own chin as a stepping stone to activate One Step.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“… and stop…” Jake said just as he teleported away.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The Eternal Shadow didn’t have time to finish before the Demon Lord summoned a magic circle and blasted the clone away, leaving only the real Jake. Rather than attack again, Jake just stood there and stared at the Demon Lord, as the <span id="page_291"></span>boss seemed to be waiting for something. After nearly two full seconds, the boss groaned.</p>
<p class="class_sp">“What did you dare attempt to ask me?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Oh, not telling you now that you’ve so rudely interrupted,” Jake said, acting extremely offended. “Calling yourself a Demon Lord and having the manners of a common… Wait, what is the name of a really low-tier demon vermin? Actually, never mind. Let’s just use that.”</p>
<p class="class_sp">“Use what?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake smiled. “Your new name. Rather than calling you Demon Lord… I shall henceforth refer to you as <span class="class_s15">Demon Vermin.”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The Demon Lord—or Demon Vermin—flinched, but the taunting now seemed less effective, as he didn’t attack in a rage anymore. Jake also understood why. On the other side of the room, the final Tower Guardian was about to be torn apart, the Sword Saint and Dina proving themselves the slowest at killing their assigned enemies. With Sylphie and the Fallen King joining, the cleanup would be swift, and the boss knew it.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">He knew he would soon face their full party again.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">They seemed to have entered a lull, so Jake took the chance to properly catch his breath and allow what minor burns he had suffered to fully heal. He was lucky that his Hunting Momentum gave him some leeway to take minor damage, because completely avoiding everything had been impossible.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The entire party approached from behind Jake. They looked a tad worse for wear but were otherwise still fine. He did see they had all used their boosting skills to some extent, which put them on a timer.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“Everyone is good?”</span> Jake asked through the Golden Mark.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“Acceptable, but mana has been dropping fast,”</span> the King answered.</p>
<p id="page_292" class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“Better than ten minutes ago,”</span> the Sword Saint said, now at least healed.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“Fine,”</span> Dina said.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“Ree,”</span> Sylphie explained, making Jake aware that she was also low on resources but otherwise fine.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s15">“The three towers have fallen… My castle is in shambles,”</span> the Demon Lord said, having once more entered his scripted boss-dialogue portion of the encounter. As he turned his gaze towards the party, Jake knew they were about to enter the third phase of this boss fight. <span class="class_s15">“You have ruined everything. As such… I shall ruin you in return.”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“Go!”</span> Jake said, his danger sense warning him. He pulled out his bow, and the four others all attacked instantly. The Demon Lord’s armor began shining and expanding, covering his entire body as he raised his sword high.</p>
<p class="class_sp">“Behold…”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The sword shone bright red, seeming to resonate with the entire hall. The four massive pillars around the throne room then suddenly began to shake as spiderweb cracks appeared all over them, each pulsing with energy.</p>
<p class="class_sp">“Ruination.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Four pillars exploded, each releasing an inferno upon their destruction. The ceiling began crumbling, and it didn’t take a genius to figure out what was about to happen.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“The fucker is bringing down the entire castle,”</span> Jake cursed.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“No,”</span> Dina said with a resolute voice. <span class="class_s13">“We will end it here.”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake felt her determination and grinned. <span class="class_s13">“Then let’s fucking go. No holding back.”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Nobody knew what the next phase of this fight was supposed to be, and they didn’t see any need to. With all of their boosting skills activated at full power, Jake gladly pushed his Arcane Awakening to the maximum 60%. They all powered up significantly, but one more than the others.</p>
<p id="page_293" class="class_s8h2">Dina’s body erupted with power as her aura rapidly spiked. Bobo, her living armor, grew to cover even more parts of her body and changed shape to resemble a dress filled with glowing green runic script. The small outgrowths on her head rapidly grew into large, wooden antlers. Her vine hair grew in length as more and more flowers bloomed upon it. She even grew a few centimeters as she transformed.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Finally, she lifted her staff and slammed it into the ground.<span class="class_s15"> “Nature, heed my call.”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2">A green fissure spread from the impact, and the entire floor erupted. Thousands of vines speared up from nothingness. The collapsing pillars were suddenly reinforced by an invading network of vines, stitching together the collapsing stone. These vines were teeming with pure life, capable of fighting off the heat.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">As fast as the collapse of the castle had begun, Dina had stopped it dead in its tracks. The Demon Lord stared with confusion at the transformed Dina as she pointed her staff at him, his eyes barely visible through the helmet that now covered his head.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">A massive trunk erupted from the ground and smashed into the demon, sending him flying. He smashed into the wall at the far end of the hall, and before he had time to extricate himself, the wall behind him exploded with hundreds of thick, emergent vines that wrapped themselves around him and aimed to crush his body.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Fortunately—in Jake’s eyes, at least—the Demon Lord would not fall that easily. An orange glow came from within the mass of vines as a large cut carved out a path. Out of this path walked the Demon Lord, fully covered in his black armor and holding his massive sword. The crown had seemingly merged with the armor, and Jake sensed that the boss was stronger than ever.</p>
<p id="page_294" class="class_s8h2">Moreover, the fire-affinity mana in the air had rapidly decreased. But it was not gone. Instead, the Demon Lord had absorbed it through his body and into his sword. It appeared that despite collapsing the castle, the boss had still powered up fully.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">However, even if he had gotten stronger, their group had also used their own boosting skills. Jake observed the boss’s armor closely as he approached. His suspicions confirmed, he smiled and relayed his plan.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">They were on board.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">No more holding back now.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s15">“Your pathetic attempt to</span>⁠<span class="class_s15">—”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2">He didn’t manage to get further before a giant, golden hammer descended from above, smashing him into the ground and forcing him down on his knee. A tornado descended from above right after, increasing the pressure further while Jake released a Powershot aimed straight for the chest of the Demon Lord. The arrow exploded on impact, leaving a mark slightly bigger than usual. That was the last piece of confirmation Jake needed.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The Sword Saint then stormed forward and delivered a dozen of minor slashes all across the armor, leaving small nicks here and there. Overall, their attack had done little damage. The Demon Lord smashed his fist into the ground, momentarily summoning a giant formation all around him as the crown shone bright red.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">A fiery explosion erupted, but the combination of a green wind and pure nature-affinity mana heavily weakened the blow, allowing the Fallen King and Sword Saint to attack rather than retreat. Jake coated several arrows with his blood, trying to use a specific type of poison he didn’t have a good version of, and let loose arrow after arrow, aiming at the same spot on the Demon Lord’s armor every time.</p>
<p id="page_295" class="class_s8h2">Noting that his first attack had failed primarily due to Dina, the boss quickly directed his anger toward her. She seemed ready for his charge, as did the King, which was why they were taken by surprise when the Demon Lord didn’t go after her physically. Instead, he pointed his sword her way and launched it, aiming to pierce her chest.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Dina hastily erected a barrier of roots, and Bobo reacted by forming a shield of green, life-filled wood. The sword pierced both barriers before exploding, sending a burning Dina flying through the air. For a moment, Jake was worried, but the fire was soon extinguished in a green flash, and then Dina’s slightly burned form emerged.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The demon’s thrown sword didn’t remain idle after it exploded. Rather than return, it seemed to take on a life of its own, flying straight toward Jake under the boss’s command. Without his sword, the Demon Lord had lost his most potent offensive measure, but that didn’t mean he wasn’t dangerous. With both fists raised, he began punching, showing the skill of a talented pugilist as he pressured both the Sword Saint and Fallen King.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">He also began to use even more fire magic, even if it was clear this was not his forte. Jake kept going with his ranged attacks, yet the Demon Lord ignored him for the most part, as none of his arrows managed to do any worthwhile damage. At least, not in the eyes of the boss.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The improved full-body armor truly made the Demon Lord into a living fortress, limiting the damage of their attacks. The only good thing was that blunt damage still proved effective, making the Fallen King their primary damage dealer as he pummeled the demon over and over again with giant golden hammers. The Sword Saint went for precise cuts around the joints of the armor, but even that proved nearly impossible. Slashing damage simply wasn’t cutting it.</p>
<p id="page_296" class="class_s8h2">Even the Fallen King had issues getting through, and Jake had to try and get potshots off in between dodging the flying, flaming sword that had an annoying tendency to explode whenever it got close to him. Luckily, Dina rejoined and began to assist Jake and the others, though it proved difficult for her to handle the sword. That was where Sylphie came in. She had difficulty doing much to the Demon Lord, but the flying sword? That, she could handle. She began to throw it around the room with massive gusts of wind, pretty much nullifying it. Even when the Demon Lord wanted to recall it, Sylphie kept it away, primarily by hiding it behind the large pillars.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Even so, as the battle dragged on, their party didn’t do a significant amount of noticeable damage to the Demon Lord. In fact, he seemed to be slowly gaining the upper hand. Their resources were dwindling faster than his health pool, their boosting skills couldn’t be sustained forever, and the Sword Saint even had to drink a health potion after a hit from the boss fucked up his arm.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Not that it was a problem… because they had a strategy. Minutes passed as a status quo was established; the group primarily defended Jake, who just kept shooting his seemingly useless arrows. Sylphie and Dina focused solely on making sure no one was injured further, with Dina nullifying the demon’s magic and Sylphie handling the flying sword.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">This dragged on a while longer, but soon enough, Jake got a gut feeling, and his skill also confirmed it. <span class="class_s13">It’s enough now.</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2">It was time to finish this.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Without hesitation, he spoke through the Golden Mark.</p>
<p class="class_sbg2">“Now.”</p>
</body>
</html>
