<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>part0055</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../page_styles.css"/>
</head>
  <body class="class4">
<div class="class_s8f1"><div class="class_s8d"><div class="class_s9"><div class="class_s10"><p class="class_s11">Chapter 51</p></div></div><h1 id="id__798_141_" class="heading_s1h">An Underhanded Strategy</h1></div></div>
<p class="class_s8h3"><span class="class_s8h1">J</span>ake knew that overcoming Minaga alone in his fully empowered form was not gonna happen. He had won against the clone only due to its weakness compared to the original, but even that had been a pretty hard-fought battle.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Of course, this was assuming Jake actually had to beat the Unique Lifeform to win.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake jumped back to disengage as Minaga unleashed a barrage of spells, clearly having decided to try and take Jake down before his teammates had time to return. Given the estimated time it would take to do the labyrinths and the fact that they had been flung into empty space, forcing them to make their way back to the central platform again even after they were out, Jake didn’t wanna bet on them getting there soon.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Retreating further, Jake let Minaga give chase and then dove behind a large piece of debris, making the barrage of fireballs hit that instead. A large boulder flew over next, breaking it apart, but Jake was already long gone. He teleported to another part of the broken wall, where he promptly released a potshot.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">His arrow was blocked by a barrier, which was totally okay with him. Any amount of time or energy Minaga spent on defending was time he didn’t use to attack. And damn, <span id="page_521"></span>did Minaga like to attack. As he waved his hand, more than a dozen magic circles flashed into existence behind him. At the same time, Jake felt space around him constrict as dense spatial barriers formed to his sides, above and behind him. <span class="class_s13">Combination spell.</span></p>
<p class="class_sp">“You may be fast… but can you dodge this?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Every single formation pulsed to release a flaming metal spike straight at Jake. He dodged them and was about to taunt Minaga when a second barrage came, followed by another one even faster than the ones prior. The pulses continued, growing faster, and Jake was soon faced with more than sixty machine guns shooting out metal spikes.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">Too many,</span> Jake concluded as they kept coming. While he would have loved to see Minaga burn through mana to keep the spell active, he knew that it was only a matter of time before he was hit, forcing him to make a difficult decision.</p>
<p class="class_sbg2">Have to risk it.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Rather than dodge, Jake charged forward. Minaga seemed pleased but frowned slightly as Jake’s body split into two. The spikes usually focused on one target, but with two, Minaga had to either spread them out more or choose to focus on one. Either case would be advantageous to Jake.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake felt pleased with himself as he closed in with his Eternal Shadow ten meters to his side. Yet just as he began to feel this, his danger sense spiked.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Every single formation behind Minaga exploded, each shooting out seven or eight metal spikes like a shotgun. Jake cursed as he tried to dodge and summon a stable arcane barrier. His Eternal Shadow also reacted fast, dodging many attacks, but was eventually hit and dispersed.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Blood flew into the air as three metal spikes hit Jake. One hit his thigh, one his stomach, and one his shoulder, as he had angled himself to take the hits in the side. This was the least <span id="page_522"></span>amount of damage he could see himself getting out of his pickle with.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Before Minaga could do more, threads of arcane mana flew out of Jake’s hand and wrapped around every metal spike to pull them out, still leaving him with three nasty holes.</p>
<p class="class_sp">“Man, I wanted to say a quip, but the fact that you got out of that combo spell with so few injuries… Yeah, you are definitely a cheat.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Says the Unique Lifeform who was born overpowered,” Jake shot back as he pulled out his bow and began shooting arrows alongside his words.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s15">“Says the Bloodline Patriarch,”</span> answered Minaga while he dodged the arrows or deflected them with his staves.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Still just a human and not some darling of the multiverse,” Jake said as he managed to trick Minaga with a Splitting Arrow, getting a single one of them to hit him in the leg.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s15">“Oh, poor you, being one of the enlightened races with infinite potential and all the Paths in the world open to you,”</span> Minaga said, snorting as he pulled the arrow out on the off chance it had been primed to explode. It hadn’t, but he played it safe.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake smirked and retreated while shooting, wanting to get some distance from Minaga before his magic returned. “I guess we are both suffering.”</p>
<p class="class_sp">“We do have it rough, the two of us—that, we agree on. Of course, I have it harder, as I have to live up to my own greatness every day.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“So humble, too.” Jake smirked again as he used two One Steps to find a nice cluster of debris.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s15">“The humblest there is; in fact, I would argue I am the best at being humble in the entire multiverse,” </span>Minaga joked as the three seconds passed, putting magic back on the menu.</p>
<p id="page_523" class="class_s8h2">This once again put Jake on the back foot. Survival was the name of the game. He didn’t want to risk another major spell, as even the normal casting was a bloody nightmare to keep up with. Not even Jake was capable of fully dodging everything. The passive barrier from the fully activated Arcane Awakening, coupled with his Scales of the Malefic Viper, did help a bunch with the larger magical attacks, but ultimately, Jake’s lowest stat was still Toughness. He was not built to take hits, but to avoid them.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">On the labyrinth front, things were looking… okay? They weren’t overly large, but they would still take time to break out of. Sylphie used her speed to quickly look for an exit, and at least there were no traps or anything. She could also hear the whispers of the wind due to the lack of mist, allowing her to rapidly make progress.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The Sword Saint noted that there was even lighting within the empty, grayish hallways of the labyrinth. It was ultimately just a damn maze you had to find your way out of, and the longer you took, the more fucked your party would become as you floated further and further into the emptiness of space.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Dina further added that the entire place was shrinking slightly with time. This meant that the labyrinth became shorter and faster to do, but Jake also didn’t want to know what would happen if it shrank too much. Getting crushed within a labyrinth cube did not sound like a nice way to go.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">As for the Fallen King… well, Jake had a brief exchange with him, and they reached an agreement.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Not dying while also not giving Minaga the chance or space to cast another major spell remained Jake’s main focus as he slowly bought time. Minaga didn’t seem overly stressed about finishing off Jake rapidly, though, and he knew why…</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">His resources were dropping fast. Arcane Awakening was a massive drain on its own, and coupled with his need to <span id="page_524"></span>constantly use One Step, summon barriers, and regenerate his Scales, it was obvious he would run out of energy sooner rather than later.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Minaga gave off a vibe that suggested he didn’t believe actually beating Jake could be worth it, so he kept up his constant barrage of spells, either waiting for him to mess up or to run out of stamina or mana. He acted as if everything was going as expected.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Thus, Jake did something Minaga definitely had not seen coming. Lifting his hand to his face, he grasped his mask, pulled it off, and threw it toward the Unique Lifeform. His opponent dodged it, confused, then looked at Jake to discover that the mask had never left his face. Yet an object had clearly just been thrown past him.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s15">“An illusion? No, that</span>⁠<span class="class_s15">—”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2">A wave of energy erupted behind Minaga as a Golden Claw lit up the horizon, striking him in the back and spraying blood. The Fallen King instantly materialized from the thrown mask, utilizing a property of the mask Jake had never used before. As per the description…</p>
<p class="class_s1hm">“The Fallen King has anchored his existence to this mask, and as its owner, you are the master, allowing you to summon the Fallen King to your location at any time.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake viewed summoning the Fallen King as kind of rude, and it went against the agreement they had… but in this case, Jake gladly used it for their collective gain. With permission from the Fallen King, of course. What’s more, this was something Minaga definitely couldn’t predict, as Jake had never done it before.</p>
<p class="class_sp">“Summoned? Wait…”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Minaga found himself with the Fallen King on one side and Jake on the other, and both let loose. The Unique Lifeform struggled in that bad position and had to play defensively for a <span id="page_525"></span>while, taking several wounds as he attempted to stabilize. Jake and the Fallen King were not gonna let that happen; they both went all-out. Pulling out an Arrow of the Ambitious Hunter and rapidly charging Arcane Powershot, Jake released a devastating attack while the Fallen King summoned a massive, golden hammer that descended like judgment from the heavens.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Combined with surprise and confusion, it was enough for Minaga to use his very first defensive combination spell. After putting his hands together, a giant metal sphere appeared all around him, and a field of swirling darkness soon appeared to consume it. This left him standing with a semi-transparent barrier that both the golden hammer and arrow failed to even impact. Both attacks simply sank into the darkness, never to be seen again.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">As for Minaga… well, he seemed far more interested in what had just happened with the Fallen King than the actual fight. He looked extremely curious and confused as he slowly floated down to the large central platform.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s15">“This doesn’t make any sense… That kind of summoning must mean… Huh, you are bound to him? Oh, I get it. He killed you, and in order to survive, you chose to bind whatever vestiges of your soul remained to the Records that would be transferred to the item you would drop, which you knew would be your mask. Naturally, leaving you utterly broken in the process. This was only made possible since you were the boss of a tutorial, meaning the Records transference for the kill was increased. Of course, there would be no way for you to actually ever recover from that state, as that would require powers capable of restoring a Truesoul and lost Records. Unless the system decided to lend a hand, which I assume it did due to how perfect your resurrection was. Well, perfect besides you now being <span id="page_526"></span>bound to Jake here, which, by the way, is also utterly insane.”</span> Overall, Minaga’s rant hit the nail on the head. When he pointed at Jake and prepared to continue, however, Jake had a thought.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Using the Golden Mark, he quickly spread his idea while Minaga continued. When the dark defensive sphere disappeared, none of them attacked. He and the King watched Minaga walk around the large central platform.</p>
<p class="class_sp">“Why insane, you might ask? Say, Jake, do you have any idea what it means for him to store his soul within the mask, which is, in turn, bound to you? It means he stored the entire concept behind his existence within you. Within your Records. Yet you weren’t affected negatively in the least, which means your own Records were not only equal but superior to a Unique Lifeform’s, allowing you to utterly overpower him. Especially considering this bond remains after his resurrection. If I had to wager a guess, you probably even hold influence over his life and death… Man, you really are utterly broken. Both of you, but in different ways. Man, I can see why Vilas made you his Chosen; you seem to have been a monster even in the tutorial… no doubt due to that Bloodline of yours.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Minaga just kept talking as he looked deep in thought. <span class="class_s15">“What’s more, for a Unique Lifeform to willingly submit in such a fashion… No, is it even submission? Some kind of mutual understanding? Man, this is peculiar.”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“An understanding was reached; that is correct,</span>” the Fallen King answered. <span class="class_s13">“One of mutual respect between two opponents. I did what I had to in order to survive. Nothing more, nothing less.”</span></p>
<p id="page_527" class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s15">“Oh, yeah, and your way of doing so was pretty damn impressive and probably bound to your Unique skill in some fashion,”</span> Minaga said in a pondering tone.<span class="class_s15"> “It isn’t something one can just do, after all. Most wouldn’t try, either. Recovering itself was truly an impossibility, and I find it amazing that Jake even bothered bringing you back to life. The system doesn’t like to give out items allowing someone to circumvent one of its rules, so it couldn’t have been easy</span>.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“It did happen due to a system event,” Jake confirmed.</p>
<p class="class_sp">“I reckoned so… Was it a direct request of the system? It sometimes likes to fulfill wishes, so to speak. Or perhaps it was an item of some kind? If you don’t wanna answer, that is perfectly fine.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“I guess it isn’t that big of a secret,” Jake said, trying to look like he was thinking for a few seconds. Finally, he sighed. “It was an item.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s15">“One-time use?”</span> Minaga questioned curiously.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake looked at the Fallen King, who had now caught on. He also seemed to consider for a moment before saying, <span class="class_s13">“You may answer…”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Very well.” Jake nodded and resigned himself to confirmation. “It was one-time use, and I spent quite a staggering amount of Credits on it.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s15">“Wait, someone was selling it? During a system event?”</span> Minaga seemed even more intrigued.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Ah, I apologize. It was during a system event where the system auctioned off items directly as part of a reward for doing another event well.” Jake sighed loudly. “I was definitely surprised when the system manifested itself physically like that just to sell items…”</p>
<p class="class_sp">“Oh, manifestations like that do happen, though they are very rare. Well, they are not rare for you as <span id="page_528"></span>new initiates of the new universe, but for the rest of us, they are few and far between.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Truly? Have you encountered the system before in a physical form?” Jake asked, looking surprised.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s15">“Of course I have. Duh!”</span> Minaga laughed.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Really? Under what circumstances?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s15">“Heh, well, I probably shouldn’t, but if you insist, I guess I can—wait!”</span> Minaga yelled in realization as he felt what had just happened.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">At once, all three labyrinth cubes flying through space broke open as Dina, the Sword Saint, and Sylphie coordinated their exits. They had surmised that Minaga would likely know the moment someone got out… so they had all waited right at the exit to emerge as one while Jake deployed a truly underhanded strategy.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“That’s right!” Jake smiled in triumph as the three auras approached, flying at full speed back toward the platform. “I successfully got you monologuing!”</p>
<p class="class_sp">“You… You scoundrel! This is unethical! How dare you use my own extreme curiosity, vanity, and desire to hear my own voice against me!”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“A perfectly executed strategy.” Jake grinned. He and the King had gotten some distance from the Unique Lifeform, with Jake standing on the platform below, ready to react to any attacks.</p>
<p class="class_sp">“Damnit! I should have known; it was so obvious that you were just stalling!”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Pulling out both staves, Minaga released a shockwave of energy towards Jake and the Fallen King. The Fallen King blocked the blow and was sent flying back for several kilometers, while Jake dodged to remain standing on the central platform.</p>
<p class="class_sp">“Almost as if it was so damn obvious I saw right through it!”</p>
<p id="page_529" class="class_s8h2">As Jake’s danger sense erupted, he tried to retreat away from the central platform. Just as he did, a massive magic circle appeared all across it to release an enormous shockwave. In the empty space all around the platform formed what looked like millions of planes of glass reshuffling themselves. They created a barrier around the central platform…but it was not the usual kind of barrier.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">It was another fucking labyrinth. One that everyone, including the Fallen King, was now outside of, trapping only two people inside. What’s more, Jake could not resummon the Fallen King. What’s even more, far above, the constellations shifted, the stars seeming to resonate with the magic circle on the platform. It was only a matter of time before more of those Sign Beasts would appear.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Minaga stood on the platform, smiling as he looked at Jake. <span class="class_s15">“Guess it’s still just the two of us, eh?”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake looked at the Unique Lifeform and noticed the formation was still glowing along with the above constellation. The spell was active… A large combination spell…</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Without hesitation, Jake pulled out his bow and loosed an arrow. Minaga dodged as Jake released another, this one blocked by his staff. Jake kept shooting, while Minaga retreated for a bit before changing his strategy and charging at Jake with a staff in each hand.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake’s theory was confirmed, and he was ready.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Beating Minaga with magic? No fucking shot.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Without?</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Well… it was time to find out.</p>
</body>
</html>
