<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>part0047</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../page_styles.css"/>
</head>
  <body class="class4">
<div class="class_s8f1"><div class="class_s8d"><div class="class_s9"><div class="class_s10"><p class="class_s11">Chapter 43</p></div></div><h1 id="id__798_133_" class="heading_s1h">Cruel Trap Room</h1></div></div>
<p class="class_s8h3"><span class="class_sub">A</span>fter the fun bantering with Minaga, they arrived at room number four, and finally, the difficulty seemed to have increased. At least… it <span class="class_s13">said</span> this would be hard.</p>
<p class="class_s8t1">1. Traps (Hard)</p>
<p class="class_s8x1">2. Collection (Medium)</p>
<p class="class_s8x1">3. Combat (Medium)</p>
<p class="class_s14">4. Random (Hard)</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">As they were still following Minaga’s advice of never picking anything that wasn’t of the highest difficulty, the only choice was between Random and Traps. Jake considered for a second, but his gut didn’t really tell him one was better than the other. Maybe because both would be easy for him.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“Let us just pick Traps,”</span> the Fallen King said as he scanned the options.<span class="class_s13"> “The Hunter will likely be able to trivialize any challenge and allow us to pass through quickly.”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“I guess.” Jake shrugged as he turned to the others.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">He did kind of want to pick the Random one just to see if there was some fun category they had yet to even see, but <span id="page_441"></span>alas, the other three agreed to just go with Traps. Well, Sylphie didn’t particularly care, but she did seem like she wanted to get through these floors fast after the city-floor delay, so she just went with whatever she thought was fastest… which was typically just agreeing with everyone else.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Let’s do that, then,” Jake said, nodding as he infused energy into the particular rune.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">He was soon joined by the four others. The rune lit up as the door in front of them began opening, revealing the room that had just been generated. Jake released a Pulse of Perception and noted that the place was only around ten kilometers long and less than five meters in height and width, which made the place incredibly small for a challenge room. However, he also soon realized why it was so small.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The entire place was utterly packed with stuff. What appeared before them was a massive obstacle course with a web of challenges. The walls looked to be made of some kind of metal, and large panels stood here and there, forcing whoever tried to go through into small openings reminiscent of doorways.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake looked around for a while and quickly spotted one more thing of note. The mist was not entirely gone in this trap room. A small amount of it remained, but its properties seemed slightly different. It did not obstruct sight anymore, but Jake did feel that the movement-restricting effect mostly remained, meaning things like teleporting through were out of the question.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Odd,” Jake said. “I don’t feel any real danger…”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Dina looked at the room a bit before taking out a seed. She tossed it in the air, and before it landed, a vine soldier had grown from it. The one-meter-tall creature began walking into the area with the traps, and the moment it walked just five meters ahead of them, a barrier sprang up, separating the vine soldier from Jake and the others.</p>
<p id="page_442" class="class_s8h2">It paused slightly, but Dina urged it to keep walking. It did so, and just a few meters later, it activated a formerly invisible formation on the floor, resulting in an explosion of mana spears shooting up from the ground. The vine soldier was hit, but the spears only left small tears in its body… and then it disappeared.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Only to reappear right beside Dina, the barrier in front of them also fading in the process.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“I believe we may have underestimated these trap rooms,” the Sword Saint said.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Ree!” Sylphie said, wanting to give it a go.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake saw no reason to deny her, so the hawk shot forward and turned into wind. She got several hundred meters into the room while successfully avoiding all the traps until, suddenly, a section of the wall shot out like a piston, hitting the living gust of wind that was Sylphie. The glowing formation at the end of the piston glowed with some kind of energy, and in the very next second, living wind joined them back behind the barrier.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Sylphie turned back into her physical form and screeched in annoyance. But she did learn something.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The piston had managed to do a very small amount of damage to Sylphie, and that had caused her to teleport away. The prior traps she’d avoided had failed to do any damage even if they had partly hit her, making Sylphie—being the smart bird she was—conclude that someone would only be teleported back upon taking damage.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“So, who wants to go next?” the Sword Saint asked.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake was about to volunteer when Dina stepped up. “I can test if it is indeed about taking damage.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“That sounds like a good idea,” the old man said, smiling as he motioned for her to give it a shot.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">As Dina walked forward and passed that invisible threshold, the barrier popped up again, confirming that only one person could attempt the room at a time. Dina walked forward while <span id="page_443"></span>taking out her staff and touching her chest with her one free hand, which glowed with dense life energy. Bobo, her living armor, began to grow as her body was covered, and tapping herself with the staff infused Bobo with even more energy. Vines sprang up from all over, creating a cocoon of defensive plants.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Then she jumped forward and pointed her staff, shooting out a vine that gripped one of the panels meant to block one’s progress. She used this vine to drag herself further into the room, the vines below her functioning as dozens of small legs.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Nearly instantly, she triggered a bunch of traps. Spears shot out from the walls and hit the amalgamation of vines, but they failed to do much. Even as a few vines were cut off or exploded, Dina remained untouched behind all her defenses.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">When she reached the piston, her vines took most of the blow, and she ended up using the vines almost as springs to help her pounce. She launched herself forward with help from the momentum, and within only a few minutes, she reached the midway point. So far, the only true challenge for her seemed to be the small openings she sometimes had to get through, forcing her to shrink her form momentarily before expanding it again.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“Does not seem hard,”</span> the Fallen King said as he walked over and poked the barrier blocking them in, making sure it was indeed utterly impenetrable.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Let’s see,” the Sword Saint said patiently.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">When Dina pressed on into the second part, the traps got harder. At one point, the walls on both sides grew spikes and slammed together, but Dina managed to avoid being crushed by raising her staff to stop both walls at once. The damn staff didn’t even bend from the impact, and after she infused some energy, it grew in length and pushed back both walls, allowing her to pass safely.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">More traps followed. Explosions of mana, spears shooting out, pitfalls, acid getting blasted from the walls, crescent energy <span id="page_444"></span>waves, and of course, the trap room itself moving physically while trying to stop her. However, nothing could penetrate the dryad druid’s defenses. Even when the Fallen King pointed out a blast of soul energy, Bobo somehow managed to absorb it instead of Dina, which did look a bit funny, as, for a fraction of a second, Jake felt like Bobo had been teleported away—only to somehow instantly return to Dina.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">In the end, Dina managed to make it to the other side without suffering any injuries. The second she stepped on a small platform at the far end of the room, the barrier in front of Jake and the others faded away.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“Okay, yeah, it is about taking damage,”</span> Dina explained through their telepathic link.<span class="class_s13"> “When Bobo took some damage, the room tried to teleport him, but because he is bound to me, he was instantly brought back again. So good defenses do work here.”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“I believe the real way it was meant to be done is memorizing the safe path… There were places you could go without activating anything,”</span> the Sword Saint sent through the Golden Mark.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“That appears to be an unnecessary waste of time,” </span>the Fallen King said, scoffing. Without waiting further, he floated forwards straight into the trap room. His passive barrier was already active, and with a wave of his hand, it turned golden. Then he casually flew on at a relaxed pace.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Traps activated all around him, yet nothing managed to do anything to the barrier, and in a time only slightly slower than Dina’s—only because he clearly didn’t rush—the Fallen King made it to the other side safely. His defenses were simply too overpowered.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“Now, who is next?”</span> the Fallen King questioned cockily.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“Ree!”</span> Sylphie screeched as she flew up in the air, gladly taking on the challenge after perching atop a glowing green <span id="page_445"></span>branch that appeared behind her feet. Jake felt her confidence and cheered her on as he observed her.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">She seemed to levitate on the branch and wiggle in a cute-looking way, like a cat ready to pounce. What was less cute was how her body began to glow with green energy, the wind picking up around Jake and the Sword Saint. Power accumulated in their surroundings as Sylphie lowered herself a bit and opened her wings. Jake barely saw the familiar Green Shield appear around her body before the entire entrance area of the trap room exploded.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Like a bullet from a railgun, Sylphie blasted through hundreds of traps, narrowly navigating amid all the small gaps to make it through the room. Even with the mist limiting her movements, she flew with insane speed. All the spears, pistons, and moving walls—really, any trap that took even a moment to activate—were simply too slow and only fired off in her wake. What did hit her, the Green Shield managed to stop. This resulted in Sylphie safely making it to the other side in record time.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“Ree! Ree!”</span> she bragged over the Golden Mark, sounding incredibly proud.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake sent a mental thumbs-up, having honestly expected Sylphie to have trouble with this room due to her attempt to get through by transforming her body into wind. Luckily, that wasn’t an issue. That just left Jake and the Sword Saint.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“You can go first,” Jake said, motioning to the old man.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The Sword Saint hesitated for a moment before nodding. On guard, he entered the room, and with light steps, he began making his way through. A water barrier surrounded him as he slowly proceeded, trying not to activate traps as he went. Sometimes he did activate one, but before the attacks could hit him, he either dodged or released a counterattack.</p>
<p id="page_446" class="class_s8h2">However, less than a kilometer in, he failed to dodge a mana spear that penetrated the water barrier and left a small cut around his ankle. Instantly, the Sword Saint found himself teleported right back to Jake.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“I shall wait patiently,” Jake said, smiling teasingly.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The old man just sighed and went again.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">This happened fourteen more times, and with every try he got further. In the last two attempts, he used his boosting skill to make his defenses better and speed faster, resulting in him finally passing the full room, albeit somewhat worse for wear. It had ended up taking the Sword Saint a touch over an hour to finish the room, which, in retrospect, wasn’t that bad. It just felt like a long time due to how fast the others had done it.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“Now we only wait for the Hunter,”</span> the Fallen King spoke through the Golden Mark. <span class="class_s13">“I hope you do not disappoint us.”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“That would certainly be embarrassing after watching my many attempts,”</span> the Sword Saint concurred.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“I am sure he has a plan,”</span> Dina said, trying to be diplomatic.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“Ree!”</span> Sylphie’s suggestion was to just smack every trap with his cauldron.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake didn’t really think that was necessary as he walked into the trap room and smiled. <span class="class_s13">“Be there in a jiffy.”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2">What followed was a nice, casual stroll. Whenever he got close to one of the traps, he saw the formation and quickly stepped around the lines that would activate it. Occasionally, he did activate one, yet he easily dodged whatever was shot at him. Towards the end, he purposefully walked in a nearly straight line, evading everything the trap room could throw at him. All in all, it was a nice experience, and Jake soon rejoined the others.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Showoff,” the Sword Saint said, chuckling as Jake walked through the final barrier.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">He hadn’t used a single skill during his little stroll, and had only summoned a couple of stable arcane barriers here and there <span id="page_447"></span>to block stuff he felt too lazy to dodge. Oh, and he’d caught one mana spear mid-air after infusing his gauntlet with energy. That one had indeed been only to show off.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Ree?” Sylphie asked, questioning why he didn’t use the cauldron.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“A meager trap room like this isn’t worthy of facing my ultimate weapon,” Jake answered in a haughty voice.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Ree,” Sylphie answered in full understanding.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s15">“You know… I… No, I can’t say that,” </span>Minaga’s voice echoed.<span class="class_s15"> “Sharing information like that is against the rules</span>.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake and company were already mid-teleport when he spoke, and they appeared before yet another labyrinth. He saw Dina was about to inquire, but he nudged her slightly, and she seemed to understand by staying silent.</p>
<p class="class_sp">“Truly… Truly, can I say it?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">All five of them continued to ignore him, following Jake to enter the labyrinth.</p>
<p class="class_sp">“Alas… it seems no one can hear me, so perhaps it is safe to disclose…”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Their team cohesion was truly on point, as none of them reacted to a single word the Unique Lifeform said.</p>
<p class="class_sp">“Well, if no one is listening, I guess I can just talk out loud a bit. That trap room was quite well designed, if I may say so myself. It was made so people who are incredibly durable can’t just walk through, allowing it to counter certain individuals and force them to actually think for a second. It is also interesting to think about how that trap room was partly based on one of the Challenge Dungeons available here in Nevermore, although that one is quite a bit different. Thinking about it further, that Challenge Dungeon would surely be easy for someone who can just casually <span id="page_448"></span>walk through and easily dodge every single thing here. Ah, it is truly good that no one is listening, because I am definitely not allowed to disclose that. Also, while I am here talking to myself, I can’t help but ponder one of the funniest things going on right now in one of the other instances of floor thirty-seven. I couldn’t possibly have predicted that a trap room made not to damage, but to teleport people back would completely and utterly screw over some of the people who manage to find methods that make them borderline invincible in their current grades by seemingly giving them infinite health points. Yeah, definitely couldn’t have predicted that.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake and the others casually walked as they listened to the Unique Lifeform sharing information that Jake was pretty sure you couldn’t share according to the rules of Nevermore. Not that he complained. He also instantly put together who Minaga was talking about towards the end of his monologue.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Could you guys imagine if Eron had to do that trap room that we just did?” Jake joked with the others.</p>
<p class="class_sp">“Odd… I just had this weird thought that some trap rooms are harder than others…”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake grinned. “Or maybe one even harder.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“The schadenfreude is palpable,” the Sword Saint said, chuckling as he shook his head.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Hey, that’s what he gets for being faster than us on that damn city floor,” Jake shot back.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Ree…” Sylphie whined softly.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake plucked the bird out of the air and patted her head as he walked, holding her in a hug. “It isn’t your fault the evil creature who designed the city doesn’t like awesome hawks like you.”</p>
<p class="class_sp">“None of my design decisions are ever targeting individuals.”</p>
<p id="page_449" class="class_s8h2">“He is just jealous,” Jake said, comforting her further.</p>
<p class="class_sp">“I am definitely never jealous.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Yeah, a super-jealous guy for sure,” Jake went on, with Sylphie now cheering up a bit. Still, Jake couldn’t help but imagine Eron in one of those trap rooms.</p>
<p class="class_sbg2">Man, do I wish I could see that. He is definitely not having a good time.</p>
<p class="class_ssv">Eron was not having a good time. He appeared back at the beginning of the trap room, unsure how many times he had tried so far. Frustration was obvious on his face as he simply tried again. He memorized the route he’d taken the last time and managed to get five meters further on the next attempt, taking him to a bit over the twelve-kilometer mark. Only three more to go.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">His party members were meditating at the end of the trap room, having all completed it. All they were waiting for was him.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">He kept going, again and again. All methods had been tried. Even if he purposefully did damage to himself in the trap room, the teleportation would activate, making him unable to use his original plan of just blowing up his body and slowly advancing to the end.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">As more days passed, he inched ever closer. Every attempt was identical until the end, where he added just a few more meters every time while making sure he didn’t trigger a single trap. His stats were simply not high enough to allow him to dodge anything. Finally, after who knows how long, he passed through the final barrier and completed the room.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">His party members awakened, looked at him, and nodded as they prepared to move on. A tacit agreement was reached of never selecting trap rooms ever again. They would gladly pick the Random option over one.</p>
<p id="page_450" class="class_s8h2">Eron truly hoped to forever put the experience behind him. To never think about it again, and for no one else to ever⁠—</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s15">“Man, that’s a great new record!” </span>Minaga said.<span class="class_s15"> “Ninety-seven days to pass one trap room? Okay, not actually sure it’s a record, but damn, am I saving the recording anyway! Gonna be fun to rewatch. Maybe I should invite some friends over for a watch party?”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Alas, fate could be cruel.</p>
</body>
</html>
