<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>part0065</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../page_styles.css"/>
</head>
  <body class="class4">
<div class="class_s8f1"><div class="class_s8d"><div class="class_s9"><div class="class_s10"><p class="class_s11">Chapter 61</p></div></div><h1 id="id__798_151_" class="heading_s1h">To Raze a Republic</h1></div></div>
<p class="class_s8h3"><span class="class_s8h1">J</span>ake was pushed back by a wave of dense space mana, but he quickly stabilized himself. The entire tower had erupted, sending stones to the ground below from the Lord Protector’s implosion of the expanded space.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The Lord Protector had an oddly empty, yet enraged, look in his eyes. His body was burning with power as a sword appeared in his hand. Still, he seemed to hesitate, as if the gravity of his situation only hit him now that he had actually gone and attacked. His mind was clearly still a mess, and he genuinely looked confused, as if unsure why he’d had such an emotional outburst.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“Alright… it is confirmed now,” </span>Jake communicated through their mark. <span class="class_s13">“The Otherworlders are quite heavily affected, too, though the effect is slightly different. I guess this settles it.”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Rather than making them lose all ability to question anything, it just made them… what was the word?… <span class="class_s13">accepting</span> of the status quo. They didn’t see the need to say no. Like with the natives, it was an insidious kind of magic. The kind Jake really hated to think about even existing.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Karmic Plagues didn’t always look like this… In fact, most plagues in general didn’t. Most just killed people or made them <span id="page_623"></span>weaker; the Karmic part was only related to how something would spread. A plague could be anything, and this Karmic Plague on Tri-World was just of the mental-magic variant. It fucked up your head.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">He remembered all the way back when he had fought the Minotaur Mindchief in E-grade. He could still recall the slimy feeling the mental magic of the Minotaur had given him. He remembered feeling like he was the friend of the Minotaur, questioning himself about why they were even fighting. This Karmic Plague was like that, except people never snapped back to reality.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Mental magic did have its weaknesses; it had limited energy and wouldn’t work forever. If you made someone think they were your friend, that illusion of the mind would pretty quickly begin to unravel even if you kept applying the magic. The target would build resistance, and the illusion would break, making long-term mind control not really a thing… unless it was something like this Karmic Plague.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The natives had been infected from their birth. What made it worse was that the source of the mental magic was not viewed as coming from another entity. It was coming from your own soul, as if they had tried to influence themselves. The closest comparison Jake had was being possessed by Eternal Hunger. That curse also wouldn’t just wear off. Of course, with Jake, the effect wouldn’t be permanent, as he would just be sealed away in his own Soulspace and eventually break out to regain control, but there were plenty of instances where people fell to curses or the like in the history of the multiverse, never breaking out and changing their entire being permanently.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">These Otherworlders were in a similar state to someone possessed by a curse. They could potentially be cured. <span class="class_s13">Potentially</span> being a strong word here. Jake guessed that someone at least at A-grade had made this strain of Karmic <span id="page_624"></span>Plague. Probably even higher. That is to say, he had no way of curing people already infected. Considering they were in a dungeon, there was no way to bring them out and have them inspected by someone able to find a cure, either. Well, the right way would be to bring that powerful person to the planet, but that obviously wasn’t an option here.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Moreover… the Karmic Plague made them heavily resistant to anything that would “hurt” the plague. Another potential nasty-as-fuck trait of a Karmic Curse. The ones infected felt protective of it. Happy they had it. Close to it, like family, and any mention of a “cure” was like telling them to kill their best friend. The ones infected didn’t even notice this unless directly put in a scenario where they had to choose whether they wanted to be cured. Which was what Jake had done with the Lord Protector to confirm.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">That entire thing about a teleportation gate to leave the planet was also just bait. Jake reckoned they could even have been punished with a point penalty if they made it, considering it broke one of the few multiversally approved laws in existence, dictating the isolation of any plague-infested areas.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“We all know our objectives, then?”</span> the Sword Saint asked.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“Yes,”</span> Dina said with determination. <span class="class_s13">“Sylphie and I shall head towards the marked spot on the map where the fourth faction once resided.”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“Ree,”</span> Sylphie confirmed.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The Fallen King merely made a noise, and the Sword Saint sent a mental nod. Without any further warning, the swordsman took off in one direction and the Fallen King in another, each headed towards one of the other two factions on Tri-World. Sylphie and Dina hesitated for a moment upon staring at the enraged, yet conflicted, space mage calling himself a Lord Protector.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“He is mine,” Jake said aloud.</p>
<p id="page_625" class="class_s8h2">Sylphie didn’t need any more prompting before she took off, Dina following after.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The Lord Protector seemed very surprised as he looked at Jake. “Do you truly believe you can defeat the entire Enlightened Republic alone? There is still time to reconsider… Fighting like this is useless. We are both Otherworlders. If you want to end the Karmic Plague, doesn’t that mean you would also have to end yourself? You, too, are infected now that you have set foot on Tri-World.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake just shook his head. “It takes more than fifty years before it begins to infect people. That is the incubation period where it slowly builds up, and as long as you leave within that time, you are good.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">After discovering the nature of the Karmic Plague, Jake had noticed that all five of them had indeed been infected. At least, kind of. It was so nonexistent that Jake hadn’t even noticed before doing a thorough scan of his body. He had then promptly removed it using Palate of the Malefic Viper, which was also why he knew of the fifty-year incubation period. That fifty years was also the maximum time you could be in Nevermore while at C-grade certainly wasn’t a coincidence.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“I… Even so,” the Lord Protector tried, “Tri-World is fine as it is. Why… Why do you need to ruin it? Why not just accept that life is good here? With time, you will come to understand that⁠—”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake sighed loudly, not seeing any sense in talking. It was just the plague talking. If Jake had to guess, then the isekai function was likely there to make up for population decline while also introducing people who knew about the wider multiverse and could potentially leave at some point, thus spreading the Karmic Plague further. Just as a planet could infect people, so too could people infect a planet if there were enough of them… Over time, a single individual could end up dooming an entire planet.</p>
<p id="page_626" class="class_s8h2">Pulling out his bow, Jake looked the Lord Protector in the eye. “You either kill me here and chase after my party members, or we will end the Tri-World as you know it.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The Lord Protector’s face turned cold, the conversation truly over. “Then you must die.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">An edge of highly condensed space mana coated the edge of the Lord Protector of the Enlightened Republic’s sword. There was no hesitation in his movements as he slashed at Jake, releasing a massive crescent wave that cut through the air and made everything vibrate.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">As Jake watched the more than a kilometer-wide blade heading toward him, he sprouted wings and flew backwards while firing an arrow at the space mage. A barrier blocked it instantly, but Jake easily dodged the large opening strike. A few more attacks followed, only confirming Jake’s first thoughts. Through only that first attack, he had gotten a good idea of what he was dealing with. It wasn’t simply overconfidence that had made Jake choose to face this Lord Protector alone.</p>
<p class="class_sbg2">He’s a fucking houseplant.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">He was someone who had leveled not through fighting, but by sitting indoors and doing his own experiments. His moves were big and flashy, not at all efficient, made more to look cool than actually be useful. Sure, those kinds of attacks would still work against other people who sucked at fighting, or people far weaker than him… but Jake was neither of those.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">A dozen slashes went past Jake as he released a barrage of arrows that curved around the space mage. The Lord Protector struggled to erect barriers that could block them all, yet he failed to stop an Arcane Powershot that blasted his passive barrier apart. He tumbled back through several buildings before he hit the ground, structures collapsing upon him.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake did not let up. He continued with a barrage of arrows as the entire capital city of the Enlightened Republic rapidly <span id="page_627"></span>became aware they were under attack. Many presences appeared all over the city, and figures began rising into the air.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake glanced around and spotted four individuals of note, all of them Otherworlders.</p>
<p class="class_s8t1">[General of the Enlightened Republic – lvl 271]</p>
<p class="class_s8x1">[Elf-King of the Enlightened Republic – lvl 266]</p>
<p class="class_s8x1">[Human-Queen of the Enlightened Republic – lvl 268]</p>
<p class="class_s14">[Dwarf-King of the Enlightened Republic – lvl 264]</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“How dare you declare war against the Enlightened Republic!” the elf among them yelled. “For this transgression, you will⁠—”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake spun around, an arrow already nocked and ready to go. His perception of time slowed as he pulled back the string and Gaze of the Apex Hunter activated, freezing the elven king and all the figures surrounding him. His Arcane Powershot struck the Elf-King right in the chest, blasting him back in an explosion of energy. Jake gave chase using a string of One Steps, creating distance from the other new arrivals and the Lord Protector, who was already emerging from the rubble.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The Elf-King ended up landing on the outskirts of the capital, leaving a giant crater. Yet before he could even properly stand up, Jake was upon him. An arrow slammed down from above, hitting the unprepared nobleman’s head and blasting it straight off.</p>
<p class="class_s1hm">*You have slain [Elf-King of the Enlightened Republic – lvl 266] – Bonus experience earned for killing an enemy above your level*</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">Weak,</span> Jake semi-complained as he turned to the other figures of interest. They had all given chase but stopped the <span id="page_628"></span>moment they saw the Elf-King die. Looking at them, Jake scoffed.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s15">“To arms, soldiers of the Enlightened Republic!”</span> the General proclaimed loudly, and hundreds of small groups began floating into the air. They were all C-grade, but most of them were low-tier… and none of them were impressive.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">These squads all yelled as the General released some group buff. Jake knew there were several Otherworlders mixed into these squads just from a cursory glance. In fact, it seemed like all the “leaders” of these groups were Otherworlders.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">While the many large groups flew toward Jake at unimpressive speed, he looked their way and opened his mouth while infusing his voice with Willpower. <span class="class_s15">“All soldiers, kill the closest Otherworlder.”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2">It took a second for them all to process what he had said. Some of them were faster than others. The Otherworlders mixed in were taken by surprise, attacked by the ones right next to them despite screaming for them to stop—a command the natives promptly obeyed.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">More orders were barked at them, but before they had any time to even turn toward Jake, he yelled again, <span class="class_s15">“Kill any Otherworlder that is not me.”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Once more, they attacked, and once more, they were told to stop. The entire situation was funny if you didn’t think too long about it. This repeated several times, with the natives in the Enlightened Republic only becoming a source of chaos.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The Lord Protector, who had reemerged, clearly realized this. Looking on with anger, he screamed, <span class="class_s15">“Anyone part of the army—kill yourselves.”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2">What followed was just that. An eerie sight played out as thousands began falling out of the sky, their eyes glazed over and their own souls extinguished. There had not been a single <span id="page_629"></span>moment of hesitation, no trace of doubt or questioning. No survival instinct.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake only felt reaffirmed in what they were doing as he looked at the Lord Protector with killing intent. His job was to wipe out the powerful people in the Enlightened Republic, and he planned on doing just that. They had also clearly realized that it was either him or them. The Lord Protector and General attacked while the remaining King and Queen began using some kind of magic. Neither seemed like a threat, and the Lord Protector seemed too annoying to kill quickly, so he went for the General. He was a dwarf wearing heavy armor, and while that did make him durable, it also made him slow.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">When space mana warped in Jake’s surroundings, he knew the Lord Protector was trying to trap him, but he had seen better before. Compared to Minaga, the Lord Protector was an amateur, and Jake easily used One Step to break through and continue toward his target while releasing several potshots.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The General responded by taking out a large axe to block, his body burning with some red energy. Jake didn’t particularly care much about what he did, as the dwarf wasn’t even good enough to block all of the arrows he shot, taking hits to the shoulder and arm. Worse still, Jake felt something he rarely felt from his opponent when fighting these days.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Fear.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">An emotion far too easily exploitable.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Unleashing Pride of the Malefic Viper, Jake attacked the psyche of the dwarf, making him temporarily hesitate and allowing him to close in. He entered melee due to the three others fighting him and how they all sucked at using magic offensively. They had no confidence in not hitting their comrade, and if they still tried… well, dwarf-shields were totally viable.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">While everyone hesitated, Jake managed to attack. Eternal Hunger struck the dwarf in the chest with Penetrating Fang, <span id="page_630"></span>blowing apart the aesthetically pleasing but not very functional armor of the General.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Blood spewed out from his strike, and the General’s eyes widened as he used his other katar to stab through the opening in the dwarf’s helmet. Pulling out Eternal Hunger, he got ready to strike again by preparing another Penetrating Fang.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Before Jake could finish off the General, his danger sense warned him of an incoming attack. A fast one. He barely managed to twist his body as an arrow flew by him, the wind warping and cutting in its wake, leaving several tears in his armor. It was some evolved form of Powershot, no doubt.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Turning his gaze, he spotted a figure a few dozen kilometers away, standing outside of the city borders: An elven woman wearing a cloak and holding a bow, already halfway through nocking another arrow.</p>
<p class="class_s9j1">[Ranger Commander of the Enlightened Republic – lvl 278]</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake also felt something else from her. He had become quite attuned to the Karmic Plague after learning about it, and Sense Poison was constantly detecting it. Yet when he looked at the elven Ranger Commander, he didn’t feel any trace of the plague at all. No… it felt like what he’d sensed within himself and his party members. Still in incubation.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">Still savable,</span> Jake concluded. Another curveball by the Wyrmgod, no doubt.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake looked her way to make eye contact, then projected his voice. <span class="class_s15">“Stand down. You are new on Tri-World, I can feel it, and the Karmic Plague has yet to fully take root. You do not need to</span>⁠<span class="class_s15">—”</span></p>
<p id="page_631" class="class_s8h2">He had to stop talking when another arrow was fired. Jake dodged as a massive pillar of pure space mana descended upon him, slamming him into the ground. With a groan, Jake dug himself out of the pillar’s newly created pit just as a rain of arrows fell on him.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s15">“Relax, for fuck’s sake!”</span> Jake yelled very diplomatically while using One Step to get away. Keeping an eye on the Lord Protector and dodging another attack, he tried one more time. <span class="class_s15">“Do you get what is going on with this planet? The Karmic Plague is</span>⁠<span class="class_s15">—”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s15">“I fucking know, you self-righteous piece of shit,”</span> the Ranger Commander yelled back. <span class="class_s15">“And while these pathetic natives aren’t as good as the slaves I used to have, they are sure as fuck better than not having any slaves at all. Now shut the fuck up and die already.”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2">He realized he had misunderstood. Rather than a moral curveball… perhaps the Ranger Commander was instead a lesson that some people just sucked.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake sighed loudly as he looked toward the sky and the second massive pillar of space mana gathering. “Well, okay, then.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">When the pillar of space mana struck down, Jake pulled out his bow and let loose, Arcane Awakening fully activating. His body exploded with energy. He was confident he had drawn out all the powerful people of note. Now, it was just cleanup time.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">An arrow of arcane mana shot upwards, and the entire pillar of space mana exploded like a tower of glass. The purple-colored fragments from Jake’s arcane mana went flying everywhere as the shards fell upon the broken capital. He was finally getting serious.</p>
</body>
</html>
