<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>part0027</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../page_styles.css"/>
</head>
  <body class="class4">
<div class="class_s8f1"><div class="class_s8d"><div class="class_s9"><div class="class_s10"><p class="class_s11">Chapter 23</p></div></div><h1 id="id__798_113_" class="heading_s1h">Guard Captain Down</h1></div></div>
<p class="class_s8h3"><span class="class_s8h1">N</span>eedless to say, Jake’s question made the entire situation quite tense as he looked at the Second Mistress. She was taken aback and stared at Jake for several seconds, clearly having not expected him to find out.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The moment he had entered the residence of the Second Mistress, he had felt the familiar mana signature of the container with the Secret Scroll inside. Considering the Fallen King had made it clear the Guard Captain still had one, it wasn’t hard to figure out this was the “missing” scroll.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">It took her a moment, but the Second Mistress collected herself and sighed. “Why hide it? Why would I not? Would you have helped bring the Prime Consort to me and assisted in slaying the Demon Lord if I didn’t have anything to offer?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Probably.” Jake shrugged.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">She seemed taken aback by his answer. “Why?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Why not?” Jake asked. Doing that was bound to earn a better achievement, so helping her out only made sense in his head. Of course, she didn’t know about achievements, so maybe it made sense in her mind to keep it a secret for now.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Why would the Prime Consort give it to you?” the Sword Saint asked. “From my understanding, you were not allies.”</p>
<p id="page_238" class="class_s8h2">“We are most certainly not. No, she gave it to me because I am not allied with the First Mistress. Or, well, I wasn’t allied with her. The Prime Consort said that she hoped it would foster trust… In reality, I believe she knew I had a distaste for the Demon Lord, and she knew I would never offer anyone a scroll that would empower him.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“I see.” The old man nodded, looking to be deep in thought.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The Second Mistress clenched her fists and looked at the Prime Consort. “If you let me kill her… you can have the scroll, and I will even show you how to unlock the containers for when you get the last one from the Guard Captain.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Now, wait a second, here,” Jake said, wanting to understand what was going on with all the Mistresses. He looked at all of them for a second, then asked, “Nobody gonna protest someone wanting to kill the Prime Consort?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Why would we?” a woman said, smiling. Jake Identified her and saw it was the First Mistress.</p>
<p class="class_s9j1">[First Mistress – lvl 264]</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“She used to be your leader?” Jake questioned.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“That lunatic has needed to go for a long time,” the First Mistress said with disdain, the other Mistresses all nodding. “Also, if it helps hubby, why would we not want that?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake didn’t need to question who “hubby” was as he threw the Sword Saint a glance.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The old man looked at the Prime Consort while questioning the Second Mistress. “Will killing her like this be wise? Are you certain we do not need her for the Secret Scrolls in any way, or to see if she knows any other big secrets, such as what the Secret Scrolls are used for? Jake told us that she said they were <span id="page_239"></span>created to weaken the Demon Lord in case the Prime Consort lost control of him, just like you told us before.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake was about to protest—she had also said they could be used to empower him—but he quickly realized what the Sword Saint was doing. He wanted to see if she knew and, if she did know, would share the full truth with them.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“That is one of their uses, yes,” the Second Mistress said. “The other is to empower the Demon Lord’s artifacts. I don’t know why they hold both functions, but the weakening aspect was added later.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“I see,” the Sword Saint said, nodding.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">Alright, so she does tell some truths,</span> Jake quickly noted.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Suddenly, the Prime Consort groaned. Jake quickly knelt down and used Touch to give her another rush of alcohol, buying them some time.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“So?” the Second Mistress said. “Only the Prime Consort, myself, and the Guard Captain know how to open the containers with the Secret Scrolls, and as I said, I will teach you how if you give her to me.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Well, you three and me.” Jake shrugged, getting looks. “What? She taught me. Not voluntarily, but she opened it right in front of me.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Just because you saw her open it once doesn’t mean you can replicate the process,” the Second Mistress protested.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Pretty sure I can,” Jake said with a high level of confidence.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“So, what are the thoughts of everyone on this?”</span> the Sword Saint asked through their link. <span class="class_s13">“I believe handing the Prime Consort to the Second Mistress will be fine. We don’t need the Prime Consort, and having found the final scroll, we don’t really need to stay here much longer. Fallen King, I would say it’s about time you got everything handled on your end and brought back the scroll from the Guard Captain.”</span></p>
<p id="page_240" class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“Sure he will be enough on his own?”</span> Jake asked. The Guard Captain was supposed to be pretty strong, and finding somewhere to kill him…</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“Do you question my abilities?”</span> the Fallen King said, offended. <span class="class_s13">“I am ready at any point. Besides getting rid of the Guard Captain, we only have one more loose end… Who was the demon we met when we first entered this floor? The one who knew about the Secret Scrolls and offered to translate them?”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“I… had completely forgotten about that guy,”</span> Jake admitted. The old demon’s full-on NPC energy had made him utterly forgettable, but on second thought, he’d been set up to matter on this floor…</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“That is a good question,” </span>the Sword Saint said. “<span class="class_s13">I did ask the Mistresses, and no one knew about him</span>.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“The Second Mistress didn’t either… and I think she was telling the truth then,”</span> Dina chimed in.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“Ree,”</span> Sylphie added. The wind didn’t know either.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“Alright, then we can go check out that old house while the King handles his business with the Guard Captain,” </span>Jake said<span class="class_s13">. “Are we all happy moving on quickly and just getting this place done with?”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Affirmatives all around.</p>
<p class="class_sbg2">“Great. Let’s go, then.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Very well,” the Sword Saint said to the Second Mistress. “We agree. Bring us the Secret Scroll.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">She hesitated only for a moment before nodding and going inside her house. Dina had walked over to Jake during this and asked to see Secret Scroll he had gotten from the Prime Consort.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The druid read it and nodded. “Yeah, this is pretty simple. We wouldn’t need a translator for this.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Which, again, just made it weird that the demon had offered to translate.</p>
<p id="page_241" class="class_s8h2">Soon after, the Second Mistress brought them their Secret Scroll. Jake was allowed a shot at opening it, but was warned that the scroll inside would be destroyed if he failed three times.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">He only needed one attempt.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">With two scrolls in the bag, they just needed the Fallen King to get the last one, and then it was time to finally face the Demon Lord. In the meantime, they allowed the Second Mistress to drag the still-unconscious Prime Consort away, accompanied by quite a few of the other Mistresses. Probably because the Sword Saint followed.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake decided to check up on this old demon who’d originally wanted the Secret Scrolls just to wrap up all loose ends. On his way there, he got a notification.</p>
<p class="class_s9j1">Achievement earned: Allow the Second Mistress to get her revenge on the Prime Consort, fully earning her support. 300 Nevermore Points earned.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake didn’t really feel anything about that. She had tried to do some fucked-up ritual on him, and she had only gotten her just desserts. Now all they needed was for the Fallen King to finish enjoying his time with the Guard Captain.</p>
<p class="class_ssv">“You are certain that the reports came from here, Vice-Captain?” the large demon in full plate armor asked.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“The reports were quite clear,”</span> the Fallen King insisted. <span class="class_s13">“The rebels have all met here and prepared to launch an attack on the Third Mistress when she returns. This is a prime opportunity to strike at them while they least expect it.”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Floating forward, the Fallen King identified the man he was following.</p>
<p id="page_242" class="class_s9j1">[Guard Captain – lvl 265]</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Good thinking; keep up the good work,” the Guard Captain said as they entered the gate leading into the Third Residence. Walking through the fog, the gate closed behind them once they properly entered the room.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“They are well hidden,” the Guard Captain said with suspicion. “And where are all the usual guards and Courtesans?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The Fallen King did not answer. Instead, his claw began glowing golden as he lunged forward. The Guard Captain was taken by surprise, failing to respond before his back was ripped up and he was launched across the empty room, smashing into a wall.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">An explosion erupted soon after as the demon tore himself free from the wall.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s15">“How dare you,”</span> he yelled from across the room, his voice infused with Willpower. <span class="class_s15">“To betray the great Demon Lord…”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The Fallen King saw no more need for words. Instead, he condensed a wave of force and sent it toward the Guard Captain, who responded by taking out a shield and blocking the blow… yet still being blasted back.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">One challenge the Fallen King had when fighting with a party was his control. He had never needed to care much about collateral damage, but when fighting with others, things were not as simple. A large-scale blast would hit indiscriminately, so he had to communicate and try to limit the scope of his blows. Having spent so many years not caring, it took time to adapt… and he certainly didn’t complain when he got a chance to go all-out.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Golden lines appeared all across his body as he activated his boosting skill. When power erupted from his body, the Guard Captain seemed taken back.</p>
<p id="page_243" class="class_s8h2">“You—”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The King took advantage of the demon’s surprise by sending a blast of force into his shield, sending him back into the wall for a third time. Grasping, he pulled on the wall itself as it began to collapse down on him. Still, the armored Guard Captain managed to quickly get free.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Only to be hit once more by a telekinetic blast.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">These rooms were the perfect size for the Fallen King. Not too large or too small, meaning he could keep his opponent constantly within his effective range while still not allowing the melee-specialized Guard Captain to get close.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“For your betrayal…” the demon yelled as he landed, “I sentence you to death.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Then his body bulked up, signaling he’d decided to go all-out. He teleported across the entire room, appearing nearly right in front of the Fallen King with his sword already mid-swing.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">It hit nothing.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">He had been just a single meter short, and he looked confused as a golden claw hit him in the face, sending blood spraying.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“I expected more damage,”</span> the Fallen King said, assessing that the Guard Captain had barely been damaged despite the direct hit. His body was tough. Tougher than the Demon Lord that they had fought in the hallway. Luckily, his soul was… pathetic. So easily confused and muddled with.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The control he’d learned from the Nevermore party affected more than his own magic. It also influenced how much others relied on it. He’d never needed to care much about being overly accurate, and most of the melee attacks he used had at least an optional long-range aspect. Warriors like the Guard Captain needed to be far more accurate with everything they did.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">A single meter seemed like a lot, but when they all moved fast enough to cross hundreds of meters in the blink of an eye, <span id="page_244"></span>it suddenly became a distance that could make a significant difference. Distorting the reality others perceived through soul magic was difficult, but the Fallen King could slightly nudge it with these low-Perception creatures. To make a single meter look like two was difficult, especially if he didn’t want the other person to instantly notice. But to make a kilometer look like nine hundred and ninety-nine meters? That was doable.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The Guard Captain was the test subject, and the King was pleased as he continued his assault. Golden claws, constructs, and blasts sent him repeatedly flying like a ragdoll, never quite managing to land a hit. His durability was high, but his attacks were limited, and what hits he did manage to land were expected blows the King’s barrier blocked perfectly.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Ultimately, it was a slaughter. The mighty Guard Captain, an individual many hailed as the most powerful fighter on the floor, was killed without many chances to fight back in a long and drawn-out beatdown.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Nearly half an hour later, the Fallen King found himself standing within a large ruin. All the houses were utterly destroyed, and the walls were filled with holes. On the ground before him was the Guard Captain, his armor distorted and broken, his body in even greater ruin.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“The Demon Lord… will avenge me,” he muttered.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“Let us hope he will try,” </span>the Fallen King said before a golden blast removed the demon’s head.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">With his death, the Fallen King got a seal to unlock the Guard Captain’s Vault. Making his way back to the main office of the guards, the King greeted them as usual. Then he went straight for the Guard Captain’s office and opened the vault, which only had the scroll container in it.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“I am done with my part—making my way to you now,”</span> the Fallen King sent to the rest of the party. While the Guard Captain had been a good test dummy, the King was far from satisfied. <span id="page_245"></span>Nevermore had been too easy so far, and he hoped the Demon Lord could finally offer a proper challenge.</p>
<p class="class_ssv">The old demon was gone when Jake got to the residence they had first entered on this floor. In his stead was a letter informing Jake that he had found a secret entrance into the Demon Lord’s castle and would be waiting just inside. In other words, he was a reused character that they would meet again on the next floor.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">As for what his deal was… well, Jake would guess he was there for one of two reasons. One was to have a person that could help them if they got “stuck” with anything, such as opening the scroll containers or just reading the scrolls, but the other purpose was quite a bit more interesting:</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">He’d been sent there by the Demon Lord to get the scrolls to help empower the artifacts.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">That kind of made sense to Jake. If the Demon Lord knew the Prime Consort was not really loyal, Jake could see him sending someone, and it also explained how the old demon had suddenly found a “secret entrance.” Because that was complete bullshit.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">After having confirmed the demon was gone, Jake made his way back to the residence of the Second Mistress and regrouped with everyone. Shortly after, the Fallen King also returned with the final Secret Scroll in hand. Well, it was still in its container, but Jake got that opened in a jiffy. Once he took out the final scroll, they all got a notification.</p>
<p class="class_s9j1">Bonus Objective Completed: All Secret Scrolls found. 250 Nevermore Points earned.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Not exactly a lot of points for all three scrolls,” Jake commented. “Especially considering all the trouble we went through to get them.”</p>
<p id="page_246" class="class_s8h2">“It is as expected,” the Sword Saint said. “Their true value lies on the next floor, not this one.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“True.” Jake nodded. “But still… a lot of trouble.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">On a side note, none of the Mistresses seemed to even notice what they were talking about. It was as if the mention of “points” and “floors” didn’t exist. It appeared that no matter how human they seemed, they still fell before the mighty NPC concept.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“With all the scrolls gathered… it is time to take down the Demon Lord,” the Second Mistress said. All nine Mistresses were now gathered, and they all seemed in agreement as they stood around the Sword Saint. “Please allow us to assist you in this final⁠—”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“No,” Jake said, shutting her down right away. “The Demon Lord is ours and ours alone.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Please,” she pleaded. “Even with the artifacts sabotaged, it will not be an easy fight. Gubrothas will have grown stronger since you last fought him. You may not win a second time.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake shook his head. “Still no.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Are you certain?” the First Mistress asked. Not Jake, mind you, but the Sword Saint. “While I do have confidence you will win, I do not wish to see you hurt.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“There are some things a man must do, and this is one of them,” the Sword Saint said as he smiled at her. “Do not worry about me.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Her face turned red as she nodded. “I shall believe in you, then.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“We all will,” the Third Mistress said with a radiant smile as all the Mistresses joined in on encouraging him.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake refrained from commenting on how “things a man must do” didn’t make sense with Sylphie and Dina on the team, mainly because he didn’t want to waste any time getting to what mattered.</p>
<p id="page_247" class="class_s8h2">“Give me the seal to unlock the Demon Lord’s castle,” Jake told the Second Mistress.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">She seemed reluctant but still nodded. “I will entrust it all to you, then. Should you fail… we are all doomed.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The Second Mistress handed Jake the seal the Prime Consort had been carrying, which allowed them to open the next door. The second Jake had it in hand, he spoke to the group.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Now, let’s get the hell out of here.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Ree!” Sylphie screeched as she flew over and landed on Jake’s shoulder. She waved goodbye to all the Mistresses with her wing as Jake began heading out.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The Sword Saint said goodbye to all <span class="class_s13">his</span> Mistresses and departed, with Dina and the Fallen King quietly following.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake couldn’t lie… He was glad the floor was over, and his relief when they made it to the giant red gate leading to the Demon Lord’s castle was palpable. They were finally done and could move on to something far more fun…</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Fighting a (hopefully) proper boss.</p>
</body>
</html>
