<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>part0012</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../page_styles.css"/>
</head>
  <body class="class2">
<div class="class_s8f"><div class="class_s8d"><div class="class_s9"><div class="class_s10"><p class="class_s11">Chapter 8</p></div></div><h1 id="id__798_98_" class="heading_s1h">Grinding Through the Floors as Competition Tightens</h1></div></div>
<p class="class_s8h"><span class="class_sub">D</span>ue to the inability to receive concrete information about the floors of Nevermore, no one knew how many there even were in the C-grade section. Jake and Co naturally didn’t know either, but they could infer based on how slowly the levels of enemies increased. To see the average levels of enemies go up by 1 to 3 per floor was expected, which meant the “easy” section of Nevermore they’d planned on blazing through was much longer than they had initially predicted.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Nevertheless, they went through with impressive speed and cleared floor after floor, the levels of their foes slowly increasing.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Floor fifteen had a Floor Boss at level 224, with the optional event boss at only 235.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Floor twenty, level 232 for the Floor Boss, event boss only at 240.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Floor twenty-five, Floor Boss level 238, event boss 245.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Floor thirty, Floor Boss 245, event boss 250.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">This seemed like a semi-rapid increase to some, but one had to put it into perspective.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Jake, on his lonesome, had managed to take down the Hive King and Hive Queen, which had both been above level 270, so for him to face level 250s—even if they were event bosses—<span id="page_84"></span>wasn’t too difficult, as he had also grown stronger since then. The Fallen King displayed power equal to Jake’s, the Sword Saint hadn’t needed to get serious yet, and Sylphie and Dina were easily doing their jobs.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Some of the floors they encountered could be cheesed, entirely circumventing the challenges they offered, but generally, they just had to face whatever challenge was provided head-on. Once they began encountering floors more like the first ones, in which a big part of the task was finding the Floor Boss, Jake finally bit the bullet and did his damn job as the resident hunter of the group…</p>
<p class="class_s8k">He started tracking.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">While sending out seed soldiers or having Jake fly really high up and scout was effective, it was far from the most efficient approach. With that in mind, Jake took out his old tracking skill and got to work.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">The first thing he identified was that all Floor Bosses did indeed have unique advantages in the form of increased resources. This was important for the next part, which related to a particular… trait to their energy signature. Once Jake figured this out, things got a lot easier, as he no longer had to search broadly for powerful energy signatures, but instead for a singular aspect of a mana signature.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Jake also began to truly embrace his instinctual nature when tracking. He began to trust his intuition more, relying less on physical evidence and more on faint, nearly undetectable traces of auras left behind. His ability to recognize these auras was something he’d worked on with the Fallen King, as the Unique Lifeform could often detect “echoes” of presences yet had no way to properly differentiate them. Jake did.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">By floor thirty, Jake had gone from being a shitty hunter in the tracking department to quite a proficient one, which was also reflected by his new tracking skill.</p>
<p id="page_85" class="class_sba">[Traditional Hunter’s Tracking (Uncommon)] - The Hunter does not sit silently in his lodge but actively hunts for his prey. Unlocks proficiency in tracking down prey based on limited clues left behind, including both magical and physical ones. Also allows the Hunter to more easily identify characteristics of the game, including mana signatures and aura. Allows the Hunter to more easily distinguish and analyze physical tracks. Adds a bonus to the effect of Perception while tracking.</p>
<p class="class_sww">--&gt;</p>
<p class="class_swy">[Bestial Hunter’s Tracking (Epic)] – The Hunter tracks his prey with his mind; the beast tracks through instinct. You use both. Grants high proficiency in tracking down prey as long as you know their basic signatures, be they physical or magical. Makes it far easier to distinguish different kinds of tracks. Relying on your instincts, you are capable of picking up tracks and clues about your prey that others may be unable to, and while tracking, all your senses can be focused on the act. Adds a noticeable bonus to the effect of Perception while tracking.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Two skill upgrades later, the Floor Bosses could no longer hide. Not that they tried to, and even if they had, it wouldn’t have helped; Jake’s extreme Perception allowed him to track them down regardless of simplistic attempts to obscure their locations.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">This ability to track down targets far quicker sped up the non-linear floors significantly, but even then, it still took them a long time to reach the city floor after floor thirty. Fourteen <span id="page_86"></span>months and a few days, to be accurate, if one counted from when they’d first entered Nevermore.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">While Jake had not gotten any levels out of the first five floors, and only a single level in his profession from the next five, doing twenty more floors with ever-increasing levels over so many months still resulted in some progress.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Jake wouldn’t have called it <span class="class_s13">fast</span>, considering how long it had taken, but it wasn’t terrible either, if one took into account the time often required to level in C-grade.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">For his profession, he had ended up netting six levels since entering Nevermore—a bit more than one every four months.</p>
<p class="class_sba">*’DING!’ Profession: [Heretic-Chosen Alchemist of the Malefic Viper] has reached level 207 - Stat points allocated, +35 Free Points*</p>
<p class="class_sx">…</p>
<p class="class_swy">*’DING!’ Profession: [Heretic-Chosen Alchemist of the Malefic Viper] has reached level 210 - Stat points allocated, +35 Free Points*</p>
<p class="class_s8k">With him barely doing any alchemy outside of when they had downtime and primarily experimenting whenever he did do alchemy, it wasn’t that bad, honestly.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Between the still relatively low level of the enemies he faced, and the fact that he was doing everything with a party, there had been little to challenge them so far. Due to that, they got fewer levels. Still, he had gotten a total of six levels in his class, so it wasn’t all bad.</p>
<p class="class_sba">*’DING!’ Class: [Arcane Hunter of Horizon’s Edge] has reached level 204 - Stat points allocated, +50 Free Points*</p>
<p id="page_87" class="class_sww">…</p>
<p class="class_swy">*’DING!’ Class: [Arcane Hunter of Horizon’s Edge] has reached level 209 - Stat points allocated, +50 Free Points*</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Naturally, that had also come with race levels.</p>
<p class="class_sba">*’DING!’ Race: [Human (C)] has reached level 205 - Stat points allocated, +45 Free Points*</p>
<p class="class_sww">…</p>
<p class="class_swy">*’DING!’ Race: [Human (C)] has reached level 209 - Stat points allocated, +45 Free Points*</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Annoyingly, despite his progress, this still put Jake below the level 210 limit… The only one in his party.</p>
<p class="class_s8t">[Fallen King – lvl 214]</p>
<p class="class_s8x">[Juvenile Sylphian Hawk– lvl 222]</p>
<p class="class_s8x">[Dryad – lvl 212]</p>
<p class="class_s12">[Human – lvl 211]</p>
<p class="class_s8k">It had rapidly become clear that Jake earned less experience than everyone else. Sylphie leveled up far faster than the others, yet Jake knew this was partly due to her still “growing,” as she was only a juvenile. That, coupled with all the treasures she had consumed throughout their exploration of the many floors, meant her progress was not too surprising.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Then there was the Fallen King, who was also a monster and could consume natural treasures to gain experience. However, compared to Sylphie, the King was far more fastidious and only consumed very specific items, and the items he did want were often ones Sylphie also wanted.</p>
<p id="page_88" class="class_s8k">The Sword Saint and Dina outpaced Jake’s leveling speed simply due to the difference in their Paths. Dina was also part monster, and she could level her race passively, but according to her, it had no impact. As a dryad, her way of leveling passively included “taking roots” and sitting still for a few centuries. Thus, her fast levels were due to her druidic nature, and her supporting the group with different magical buffs and whatnot still had a tangible impact, even in easier fights.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">When it came to the old man, his class just didn’t have the same demerits as Jake’s, even if he did express that he got more out of duels rather than group battles.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Jake was a bit miffed at finding himself the lowest-leveled individual, but it was made up for by reaching the city layer after the thirtieth floor, where they once more made their way to the Leaderboards.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">One thing they had earned in spades during this descent was Nevermore Points. The growth in this department had been quite substantial, with the last twenty floors nearly increasing their total tenfold.</p>
<p class="class_s9j">Nevermore Points: 14,622</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Honestly, looking at the points made Jake feel a bit silly for even caring about whatever they might have missed on earlier floors. What truly mattered was completing more floors than anyone else to get high scores; the biggest achievements always seemed to come from doing the hardest challenges. The prevalence of these event bosses on every floor before a city meant that unless a group was good at fighting, they would miss out on a lot.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Putting it into perspective, just completing floors twenty-six through thirty had earned them 1400 points without any bonus <span id="page_89"></span>objectives, achievements, or events. 1400 was nearly as many as they had earned on floors one through ten, truly hammering home how much the points from later floors mattered in contrast to earlier ones.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">As for how this compared to the average? Well, quite favorably.</p>
<p class="class_s9j">Average Nevermore Points (Floors 1-30): 5503</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Jake wasn’t quite sure what to think about this average. It seemed so unbelievably low, but then again, the average was indeed just the average. He did wonder when they would stop seeing a true average due to a lack of participants, but clearly they hadn’t reached that quite yet.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">As for why Jake felt better about his level after seeing the Leaderboards… Well, it was due to the final one. Had they taken the top spot yet? No, but they were pretty damn close.</p>
<p class="class_s9j">Current Nevermore Points Record (Floors 1-30): 14,954</p>
<p class="class_s8k">332 Nevermore Points. That was all that separated Jake’s party from the current record-holders. One good achievement or event away from claiming the top spot.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Jake had talked to the others, surmising that it probably wasn’t the same team who had the top score on these floors. Chances were that by floor thirty, the people who could get a high score and had also already gone so deep this early in the integration were people like Jake and his group, who wanted to rush to the later levels to get as many points as possible. Fifty years was a long time, but Jake and company had already burned through a year and three months. No one knew <span id="page_90"></span>what kind of levels they would encounter later on, potentially including those with mandatory waiting periods like the arena. Floors eleven to thirty had all been relatively simple—just big worlds with different objectives and no big scenarios—meaning they’d finished them rather quickly. There had only been one partial water level, too…</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Standing and looking at the Leaderboards, the Sword Saint noted something. “Pretty empty here, isn’t it?” the old man spoke while looking around.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">They were the only ones standing in the massive square in front of the large Leaderboards, with only empty buildings surrounding them. Well, mostly empty.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">“There are a few people around, but they seem to mostly be scouts or something,” Jake said, shrugging. “All of them are high level, too, so they probably don’t expect to be detected.”</p>
<p class="class_s8k">The Sword Saint smiled. “I merely find it peculiar that the difference is so stark.”</p>
<p class="class_s8k">The city after floor twenty-five had been surprisingly populated—far more so than even the ones after floors fifteen and twenty.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">“Well… there are only so many C-grades from the new universe, right?” Dina said. “If they are good enough to bring to floor thirty, don’t you want those C-grades to keep going and not settle down?”</p>
<p class="class_s8k">“I guess that is possible,” Jake said.</p>
<p class="class_s8k"><span class="class_s13">“It is also possible they simply travel back to floor twenty-five</span>,” the Fallen King said.<span class="class_s13"> “Is it not pointless to perform major constructions and invest in every single city layer when travel between the layers is so easy?”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8k">“They do it for the prestige.” The Sword Saint smiled again. “To be on a higher floor is a show of power.”</p>
<p class="class_s8k">“Ree,” Sylphie chimed in.</p>
<p id="page_91" class="class_s8k">“Good point,” Jake said, nodding as he translated. “Same as how the best birds get the highest nests in the trees and can look down on the worse birds while not getting pooped on.”</p>
<p class="class_s8k">“That… kind of makes sense?” Dina said, a bit confused.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">“Ree!” Sylphie screeched, offended.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">“Yeah, of course you always make sense.” Jake smiled as he rubbed her feathers.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">“Sure…” Dina muttered, not entirely convinced. Overall, their group dynamic had improved over all these months, and Dina had opened up more. She was still pretty shy, but by now, Jake was certain that was pretty much just her personality.</p>
<p class="class_s8k"><span class="class_s13">“Let’s proceed to the next floor. Hopefully, the difficulty will begin to spike soon.” </span>The Fallen King’s impatience had clearly grown over this period.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">“Yeah, let us,” Jake agreed. Seeing as there were no complaints, the group proceeded to the next gateway leading toward the next floor. They all shared the hope that things would get harder from here and offer a proper challenge.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Little did they know that the thirty-first floor was the first major roadblock for most parties, even the extremely talented ones, and they were about to encounter something quite a bit different than any prior floors.</p>
<p class="class_ssv1">Since Jake and his party were busy diving further and further into Nevermore, they were unaware of the competition that had now begun arriving in Nevermore City. The records they had seen on the Leaderboards on floors five, ten, fifteen, and twenty had all been surpassed by new parties diving into the dungeons. Whether that was due to the Chosen of the Malefic Viper entering or simply the invisible hand of the system at work, no one knew. All they did know was that a time of competition <span id="page_92"></span>had truly arrived in Nevermore, with pinnacle groups appearing from all over the multiverse one by one.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Yip of Yore’s Chosen, Ell’Hakan—the disciple of the former champion of Nevermore in the last era—entered shortly after the Chosen of the Malefic Viper.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Ghost King Azal, one of the most talented Risen ever seen, arrived shortly after.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">High Justiciar Elevian entered with the Augur of Hope, Jacob, as the representative from the new universe.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Warlord Davion of Valhal entered with a party of supreme elites, including his mandatory party member from the new universe, a Runemaiden named Carmen. Since she was simply the person from the new universe they needed to enter, there were few expectations of her, yet the first thing she did after arriving in Nevermore City was enter the arena. A hundred consecutive victories later, she was dragged away by her party to enter the dungeon, albeit with little doubt remaining about her skill.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Countless other factions arrived within weeks of each other, many of them not even advertising their participation. It was suspected that nearly all major factions sent several elite groups, with the Order of the Malefic Viper sending additional parties only two weeks after the Chosen had entered, led by the Malefic Dragonkin Draskil.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Several independently powerful people also made their entrance. Three additional Unique Lifeforms after the Fallen King were spotted, two of which hailed from the new universe. The United Tribes appeared to have allied with one of these darlings of the multiverse, making many also consider them contenders for the top spot on the Leaderboards.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">When the usual information brokers began to believe no more exceptional groups would appear, a surprise addition stepped out of one of the public teleporters in Nevermore City. <span id="page_93"></span>This particular faction, despite its prominence, did not have a permanent compound in Nevermore.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">A party had arrived from the Dao Sect, the organization founded by the Primordial known as the Daofather. They were a faction that rarely sent people to Nevermore, as they preferred to isolate themselves from the rest of the multiverse. They even had a philosophy contrary to most norms, viewing killing as something to be avoided unless absolutely necessary.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Yet they had shown up, and they had shown up in force. The high-level information brokers quickly gathered information on four of the individuals in the group, all of which were personal disciples of gods. Still, when it came to the apparent leader of this group, they had difficulties. They knew he had to be from the new universe, as none of the other four were.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">In the few hours this group spent in Nevermore City before entering the dungeon, these information brokers learned only two things about this mysterious leader.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">First, he was the Chosen of one of the twelve Daolords of the Dao Sect: the Lifesoul Daolord. A true pinnacle god.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Second, a name. Not a Daoist title, which the members of the Dao Sect liked to adopt, but an actual name:</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Eron.</p>
</body>
</html>
