<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>part0043</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../page_styles.css"/>
</head>
  <body class="class4">
<div class="class_s8f1"><div class="class_s8d"><div class="class_s9"><div class="class_s10"><p class="class_s11">Chapter 39</p></div></div><h1 id="id__798_129_" class="heading_s1h">Newcomers To Earth</h1></div></div>
<p class="class_s8h3"><span class="class_sub">H</span>olstred looked at the blue sky above as he felt the sunlight on his skin. The planet he now found himself on was a bit cooler than the one he had been born on, but not by a large degree. Upon being informed they had been “gifted” to the owner of another world, he had feared that the environment would be unfriendly, but the climate was nice. Even those still in lower grades were comfortable.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Sighing, he turned to the woman who had just walked up beside him. Despite their situation, he failed to resist a small smile. “How is everyone settling in?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Some better than others… The teleportation took a toll on those in lower grades, but the healers said that they just need time to recover,” she answered as she took his hand and put it on her slightly bulging stomach. “We will be fine, okay?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Holstred sighed again as he looked at his pregnant wife. “I know.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">He felt her stomach before grasping her hand and squeezing it as they both looked at the sun together, and he couldn’t help but remember better times. Times before they’d become slaves… A time before they had been given away to a powerful religious figure on another planet. At first, Holstred had actually hoped <span id="page_400"></span>that leaving their home planet and the strained environment there could turn their fates for the better, but… now he doubted that.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Learning that their new owner was someone known as the Chosen of the Malefic Viper had not meant anything to Holstred initially, as he hadn’t known of this Malefic Viper. Only later had he learned they would be under the rule of what was essentially the divine prophet of a god with a less-than-stellar reputation… and that this Chosen was from an order of poison alchemists. Learning that had sent a shiver down Holstred’s spine.</p>
<p class="class_sbg2">I just hope my people can survive.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The world he and his family had come from hadn’t been a paradise either, but… it had been home. Their homeworld had been filled with strife for hundreds of years before the system even arrived, as war had been a constant thing between three races in never-ending conflict. The human empire Holstred had been a part of had long been considered the weakest compared to the dwarves and the Nirax, a scalekin race. However, neither faction had dared attack the human lands due to the fear of the other empire taking advantage of the opening. That was how a balance had been reached for centuries… until it was broken by the system initiation.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Holstred had been known as the Knight Commander in the lands of man—a grand title gifted due to Holstred’s strength even before the initiation, and with the arrival of the system, he had continued to prove his excellence. He had done well in the tutorial, gained a lot of levels, and returned to their home ready to fight for his empire… but things had gone downhill from the very beginning.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Their emperor had died in the tutorial, and nobody had had any idea who would take charge. Individuals who had gotten powerful began to cause trouble as dozens of minor factions sprang up, vying for control, and all the old nobles rebelled with <span id="page_401"></span>the intent to take charge. They’d all seen the arrival of the system as their opportunity to become the new rulers of the empire, not even considering how that was only exacerbating the ongoing chaos.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">They were fools who had never lived on the frontlines. Never known what a precarious state their empire had long been in. Unaware that should they show the slightest weakness, others sat ready to pounce.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">So when the Nirax attacked, the expected had happened. They hadn’t been ready. Yet they’d fought back, Holstred on the frontlines from the very first day. Even if the empire hadn’t been ready, he had. War had raged for nearly two years, with intermittent system events and World Congresses that didn’t end in bloodshed due solely to the rules of the system. If not for the rules, that entire event would have been a slaughter, and with the rules, it had just turned into a shouting match that further fueled the hatred between the races.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Eventually, the nobles had gotten their internal issues resolved, and a temporary emperor had been selected. A fool of a man who had then entered an alliance with the dwarves to fight back against the Nirax. Things had finally seemed to be turning for the better, but Holstred had known it was all a mirage. The nobles did not see that the dwarves just used humanity as a meat shield to fight the Nirax for them while sending their own elites into dungeons or to fight monsters. They grew their armies as humans, and Nirax died on the battlefield. By the time they did realize this… it was too late.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">As expected, the dwarves had turned on the human empire the second the Nirax were no longer a threat. What followed had not even been a proper fight.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The human armies had fallen, their top general slain, and in only a day, Holstred had gone from a war hero to the commanding officer of a broken army. He had made the difficult <span id="page_402"></span>decision to surrender, hoping they could avoid a massacre. They had… but the cost was high.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Despite being in early C-grade, Holstred had been made to sign a slave contract. What he did not know was that in the background, the dwarves had joined a divine faction from the wider multiverse and taken in their teachings while expanding. The dwarves had long been an ambitious race, and they were showing that now by wanting to go beyond their planet.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Now, with the war over, Holstred had hoped things would calm down. However, the dwarves faced challenges from within, for despite being the victors, many still sought the total destruction of the humans and the Nirax. The enmity was simply too deep… their hatred too ingrained.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">In the final battle, the entire Nirax army was annihilated, the majority of the population wiped out, with the remaining survivors thrown into ghettos and camps. Humanity had been slightly better off, but their lives were far from good. Yet many internal factions within the dwarven empire still wanted them wiped off the face of the planet.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Many had been killed during this period. Dwarves were the superior race, and some had enjoyed taking strolls in the slums, acting however they wanted toward both the humans and Nirax. Executions on the street had been normal, and people getting dragged off to scout dangerous areas commonplace. Everyone, even the dwarves, had known this was not sustainable.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">That was when a dwarf had offered an alternative to genocide… Sell off the surviving humans and Nirax as slaves to other factions across the 93<span class="class_s79a">rd</span> Universe. He’d quickly gotten support from the merchant families, and with the help of the divine faction, they’d begun selling off slaves. Humanity and the Nirax had been split into segments and sold off, with Holstred being placed “in charge” of this segment. Nearly a million people, ranging from F to D-grade, with only Holstred and a <span id="page_403"></span>fallen noble—a former duke, now a Viscount, according to the system—in C-grade.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“I should head back,” his wife said after a while. Holstred still looked worried as she gave him a hug. “We will survive, alright? I believe in you; we all do,” she whispered into his ear as she gave him a peck on the cheek and then pulled back. “See you later, alright?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Holstred nodded and stayed there, waiting. He would have joined her, but he had been called here.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Still staring at the warm sun, Holstred felt another woman approach. It was the one with the scarred face… Lillian was her name, he believed. He had only seen her once, when they’d first arrived on the planet. She’d handled their initial welcome.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Holstred?” she asked, looking down at an odd, flat, metallic object with glowing glass.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“That is I, ma’am,” he said, bowing.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">After being brought to Earth only two days ago, they’d been put in temporary residences. In all honesty, the accommodations were better than the broken capital he had come from. The fact that they hadn’t been treated too badly yet was a bit of comfort. That their new owner and many of the people in charge were also humans helped ease his worry slightly, too. Though, to be fair, every segment of slaves that had been brought to this planet was treated well, regardless of race.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Even so, he did not hold much hope. They had no incentive to treat their new slaves badly right now, but neither did they have any incentive to treat them overly well. Initially treating your slaves well was also a common strategy for many noble families back in the old empire, as that ensured they worked well for longer, hoping that through hard work, the good days could return. Back then, Holstred had seen them as naive… Now, he questioned if they’d simply never had a better choice.</p>
<p id="page_404" class="class_s8h2">“Follow me, please,” Lillian said, only briefly looking up from her odd magical device. “Miranda is ready to see you.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Holstred bowed and followed. Miranda… the one the Chosen had put in charge of his planet. At least, that was what he’d been told before even arriving on this planet and by the woman walking ahead of him during the welcome. Outside of her identity as the current leader of the planet, she was also a direct disciple of the Verdant Witches—gods that made the divine beings the dwarven empire served pale in comparison.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">It is time to learn of our fate,</span> Holstred told himself, trying to stay stoic. He knew what this Order of the Malefic Viper often did with slaves, and he hoped his people could avoid that. All he could hope to do was appeal to the woman’s humanity, though he doubted it would work. She was a witch, after all—a Path not known for mercy or kindness.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Just inside,” Lillian said after showing him the way to a large tent with several magical formations around it. Holstred once more bowed, knowing not to speak out of turn lest he offend her.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Entering the tent, he saw the woman in question sitting at a table with several stacks of paper in front of her. She seemed busy but instantly noticed when he entered and looked up.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Ah, there you are,” the witch said. “Holstred of the Silver Knights, was it?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">He knelt before her. “I was once known as such, yes. How may I serve my new mistress?” In a situation like this, he did feel lucky that his father had made him learn etiquette and that he had practiced meeting the imperial family of old. He also knew that showing full subserviency would serve him best… At least, he hoped so.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“No need for the courtesy,” his new mistress said, looking like she was already tired of his way of acting. “Please get up and take a seat.”</p>
<p id="page_405" class="class_s8h2">“I apologize if I caused any offense,” Holstred tried again, but she once more waved dismissively.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Please sit. Then we can talk properly, alright?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Yes,” Holstred said, biting his tongue just as he was about to call her mistress again. He went and sat in the chair directly opposite her, which he did find slightly inappropriate. It appeared he had much to learn about this planet’s culture, and he truly feared he had offended her.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“So, I have read some basic information about where you came from, but my understanding is that you and the people with you are remnants of a fallen empire that lost a war. Is that correct?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“It is as you say,” he confirmed.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">She nodded. “Alright. We already sent some healers to talk to people and make sure they are handling everything okay, especially the children. While we are all far more resilient both physically and mentally than before the system, it is still better to find and treat cases of trauma early on rather than delay. We also interviewed a few people from the same planet as you, and they all spoke highly of you, Knight Commander. You at least seem to have earned their respect and led them well during this time of strife, and I hope you will continue to do that, as the coming time may continue to be tumultuous.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“I shall do my utmost in whatever task we are given…” Holstred said, not sure what he should say. The first part about the children was also… Was it to make sure they would be more productive? Did they need them to be clear-minded for some specific purpose?</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“You aren’t given any tasks, per se, but you are given choice,” their mistress said as she cleared away some of the papers and looked him in the eye. “What do you want to happen here on Earth? What kind of future do you hope for? Answer honestly, <span id="page_406"></span>and don’t just say something to placate me. I have heard plenty try to do that already today.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Holstred was taken aback for a moment, not sure what to say. But he did detect honesty in her voice, and he believed it unwise to lie. So he took a risk. Gritting his teeth, he answered truthfully, “I wish to ensure our survival. And… perhaps one day… freedom.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">It was truly a gamble to tell your new mistress you wanted to get out of serving her.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Be a bit more ambitious,” the witch said with a smile, leaning back.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Holstred shook his head. “I… I am unsure. I do not think I can speak for everyone, only my own selfish desires.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“What are these selfish desires?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“To rebuild some of what was lost… and find a new home for myself, my family, and all I hold dear,” Holstred managed to say.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The witch raised a brow. “And do you believe those who follow you want that too?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Yes.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“All very doable,” the woman said, nodding with a smile. “All I will ask of you is to draw up a plan for how you want to make this happen and ensure you have enough personnel to act autonomously. Considering the size of your group, I hope you have enough internally. If not, we may have to discuss bringing in others to make sure everything runs smoothly. If there are any competent people you believe could facilitate the transition, please bring them to our next meeting. We have people on our side handling surveying and finding a proper spot you can settle in.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Holstred was confused as he watched his mistress going over some papers.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">She noticed his confusion and looked back at him, seeming to stumble upon a realization. “Ah, I totally forgot to mention it. <span id="page_407"></span>Lord Thayne—the Chosen of the Malefic Viper—is not a fan of slavery, so we will be nullifying all of your slave contracts once we are done organizing everything. Ah, but let me fix yours right away. Where was yours again…? Ah, here it is.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">His mistress took out a black book he had signed the slave contract in… and a second later, she was no longer his mistress.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Holstred stared in utter confusion as she smiled. “Congratulations. As of this moment, you are free. But do take this and remember to read it over. Not being a slave doesn’t mean you are free from the law, after all.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">His former mistress handed him a small folder reading “Welcome to Earth: Starter Guide,” and he had barely gotten it in his hand when Lillian entered again.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Take Holstred here back to his group and go find me… What was her name again?… that elven lady we talked about earlier,” Miranda said as she looked once more at Holstred. “It was a pleasure meeting you, and I hope things work out well for everyone. Please spread the word to those under your influence. In a week, we will fetch you again, so have the plans ready for then, alright? We have high expectations for you, and don’t worry—once things calm down, we will look into expanding the political structure of the planet to involve you all.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“I…” Holstred said, trying to control himself. He questioned so many things. Was this all a bad joke played on them? He did not understand… but if it was real…</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Tha… Thank you.” He bowed, this time with true sincerity.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“You have nothing to thank me for. I am just doing what I should.” Miranda smiled radiantly as Holstred was led outside and back toward the small city of tents and temporary housing his old empire now occupied.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">On the way, it finally hit him. He stopped mid-walk. The slave mark on his soul left by the contract… He felt for it… and it was truly gone. Looking down at his hands, he saw them <span id="page_408"></span>shaking. Taking a deep breath, he clenched them… but it didn’t help, and for the first time, his stoic demeanor broke.</p>
<p class="class_sbg2">I’m… We’re free?</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Holstred had spent the last many months of his life fighting to accept his status as a slave… fighting for his family and all he cared about. Hoping that even if he lived as a slave, perhaps his unborn child would one day be free.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Only to be freed the moment his life as a slave was meant to truly begin. He just stared ahead as tears slowly welled up in his eyes, the realization finally sinking in fully.</p>
<p class="class_sbg2">We’re free…</p>
</body>
</html>
