<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>part0035</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../page_styles.css"/>
</head>
  <body class="class4">
<div class="class_s8f1"><div class="class_s8d"><div class="class_s9"><div class="class_s10"><p class="class_s11">Chapter 31</p></div></div><h1 id="id__798_121_" class="heading_s1h">Minaga's City Floor</h1></div></div>
<p class="class_s8h3"><span class="class_s8h1">J</span>ake and company had visited many city floors before and knew what to expect. Except, this was not a normal city floor. This one had been made by Minaga, and the Unique Lifeform had already warned them this place would be special. A special floor made by a special guy.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Upon their immediate arrival, Jake did not see what was so different. At first glance, it looked just like a usual city. As long as you ignored the fact that Jake spotted at least a dozen statues of Minaga just from where they’d entered, and that the general architecture reminded him of that mage area he had visited to buy his current bracers.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">As usual, the system messages also appeared, inviting them to the floor.</p>
<p class="class_s8t1">You have arrived on Minaga’s City Floor of Nevermore.</p>
<p class="class_s2vk">All violence outside of the arenas is strictly prohibited on all city floors, including this unique City Floor. Challenge Dungeon(s) can be found in the central square. If Nevermore is left and reentered, you will automatically be taken to the latest city floor unlocked.</p>
<p id="page_318" class="class_s8h2">Nothing really seemed off… until he saw the next part.</p>
<p class="class_s8t1">Due to the nature of Minaga’s City Floor, you cannot proceed to floor thirty-six immediately. In order to proceed, you must pay the toll at the city gates. Minaga’s City Floor uses the currency known as Minaga Coins. Minaga Coins can be earned by selling items through brokers in the many stores spread throughout the city. Normal Credits can be used to pay for other goods through the stores or between non-residents of the floor. Minaga Coins cannot be traded between dungeoneers. All party members must pay their own toll.</p>
<p class="class_s9j1">The toll to enter the next floor is calculated using the level at which you first entered this floor.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Hm, this is quite the curveball,” the Sword Saint muttered as he read the description.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Yeah…” Dina nodded.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“This is definitely something,” Jake said, “but what exactly is the point of this? It wants us to sell items to some stores? And we can only buy stuff using Credits… Is this some kind of money sink created to battle Credit inflation by forcing us to spend money on getting a currency that is useless to us outside of paying some toll?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“I find the lack of ability to trade these coins a severe oversight,”</span> the Fallen King complained.<span class="class_s13"> “What exactly is one meant to sell? I can see the Hunter selling his potions, and perhaps the dryad selling her herbs and such, but why would the Sylphian or I have any goods these brokers are willing to buy?”</span></p>
<p id="page_319" class="class_s8h2">Jake was about to propose that someone could maybe just leave Nevermore and bring a bunch of valuable stuff to sell… but then he saw the next message.</p>
<p class="class_s8t1">Main objective: Pay the toll to move on to the thirty-sixth floor.</p>
<p class="class_s8x1">Bonus objectives: Do not leave Nevermore before paying the toll.</p>
<p class="class_s8x1">Current progress: Pay the Toll. Do not leave Nevermore.</p>
<p class="class_s8x1">Note: This floor has no hidden objectives, achievements, or events.</p>
<p class="class_s14">Current Nevermore Points: 28,473</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">According to the bonus objective, they were not allowed to leave this place, so even if one wanted to get help from outside, it wouldn’t work. Jake thought for a second before sighing and shaking his head. “Worse comes to worst, I am sure we can scrounge stuff together. I quite frankly have a shitload of valuable stuff hidden away from the ceremony.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Hm, I guess that is an option,” the Sword Saint said, nodding.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Won’t work,” a voice spoke from ahead of them as a figure teleported in from outside of Jake’s Sphere of Perception.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Instantly, Jake was put on guard by the aura of the figure. He used Identify, going for a full scan.</p>
<p class="class_s9j1">[Human – lvl 349 – Minor Blessing of Alcradia]</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">He was at the peak of C-grade… nearly B-grade. Jake knew, without a shadow of a doubt, that if it came down to a fight, he <span id="page_320"></span>would not stand a chance. Luckily, a fight was not even on the table. They were on a city floor, and the guy showed no hostility.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“What do you mean it won’t work?” Jake asked. “And who are you? Sorry, but I do find it a bit suspicious when a random person just teleports right in front of me after listening in on my conversations.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Apologies,” the man said as he bowed. “I am but a mere worker from a subsidiary of the Golden Road Emporium, and I serve the merchant god Alcradia. As for why it won’t work… anything that the brokers here buy must be from Nevermore.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Huh.” Jake nodded. “And why did you feel the need to teleport over to volunteer this information?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“My job here is to keep track of individuals of note entering the floor, and I teleported over because I was informed of a change on the central Leaderboards. Seeing as your party had just appeared, I put two and two together.” The man bowed again. “Congratulations on taking the point lead.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Ree!” Sylphie screeched.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“I agree with her,” Jake said. “Spoilers aren’t nice. We wanted to go and see that ourselves.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“I apolo⁠—”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Rather than apologies, divulge the real reason you are here.” Jake shook his head. “Actually, let me guess. Seeing as everything you can trade for Minaga Coins has to be from Nevermore, you are here to buy some valuable items we have that can be exchanged.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The merchant smiled. “I will not deny that. The Demon Lord on the highest difficulty offers quite the rewards if a party such as yours beats it.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Not interested, but thanks for the info.” Jake shrugged as he motioned for them to keep moving.</p>
<p id="page_321" class="class_s8h2">“Wait—are you sure you don’t want a guide?” the peak C-grade asked, still acting nice. “There are still some things to learn. If any of you are crafters, you can⁠—”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“I assume everything made on this floor counts as ‘from Nevermore,’ even if the creation uses materials from the outside,” Jake interrupted. “Still not interested, and worse comes to worst, we can just ask Minaga.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The merchant flashed a small smile as he shook his head. “While that may have been true on prior floors, here, that is not possible. The dungeon master does not appear here or speak, as it is a city floor. He does not have a copy here dedicated to your party, after all. Only in extremely rare cases has he made his appearance.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“This guy gets it; I am not some guy at your beck and call, appearing whenever you want me to,” Minaga agreed wholeheartedly as he stood with his arms crossed beside the merchant.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“I never expect you to,” Jake said.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The merchant had frozen in place when the blue dungeon master appeared. He slowly turned his head as if to confirm the Unique Lifeform was truly there before he rapidly bowed. “This one greets the⁠—”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Bye.” Minaga waved his hand, and the guy was teleported away.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“He was just about to reveal your godly title,” Jake said, pointing at where the guy had disappeared.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Nah, I don’t think he was.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“He totally was.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“I don’t see why you would think that.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Your attempt at gaslighting will not work,” Jake argued.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“I would never and have never gaslighted anyone, and I find the accusation highly inflammatory,” Minaga said with a sad expression before his mood took a one-eighty. He grinned as <span id="page_322"></span>he turned to the Sword Saint. “Ah, sorry about the fire-related expression. You have already gotten roasted enough for one day.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The Sword Saint just raised an eyebrow before sighing.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Fine—I have been successfully fooled,” Jake relented. “Now, could you tell me why you decided to make this floor the way you did… and got any tips?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Alright, alright. You see, I don’t like when people just fly through every single floor—you know, like you do—and that includes the city floors. I wanted this one to at least take some time and give people a good reason to spend longer here than on other city floors. So I introduced the Minaga Coin and the toll, but the coins can also be used for other things. Though, I am not going to lie… none of these things matter to your party. I would advise you five to just quickly gather the toll and get out of here.” Minaga sighed. “I can’t believe I am actually advising you not to engage with my creation…”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Oh, the horror.” Jake smirked. “How would we go about collecting coins, and was my assessment about crafting goods correct?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Yep, spot-on.” Minaga nodded. “Lots of merchants around here who want to buy and sell, too, using normal Credits. Ah, but one warning: Even if I tell you to rush through, you will probably still spend a bit of time here to get enough to pay the toll. While you do have some stuff to sell from prior floors, none of it gives a lot outside of those ingots from the Demon Lord.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Huh,” Jake said before thinking. “If crafted stuff can be traded for coins, can’t we just spend a shitload of Credits, buy a lot of crafted stuff from others, and sell that for coins to move on instantly? You know, steamroll the place with wealth?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“I may or may not have put a cap on how many coins you can earn monthly from non-self-obtained items...” Minaga said with a cheeky smile.</p>
<p id="page_323" class="class_s8h2">“So…” Jake said, sighing. He had a feeling there really was no easy way around it.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Yep, you gotta do stuff yourself to get coins! Get that cauldron out and get cooking!” Minaga laughed.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“How about us?”</span> the Fallen King asked, referring to himself and Sylphie. <span class="class_s13">“How are we supposed to earn any coins? We are monsters, not crafters.”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“You can do jobs that are non-combat to earn tokens you can exchange for coins,” Minaga said. “You can also fight in the arena once a day—something I feel you both would enjoy. The arena is time-limited and will repeatedly send new things out to kill to rack up more points for a better token that you can then exchange for coins. No experience points, though. This is a city floor, after all.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“You are awfully forthcoming with information,” Jake said. Usually, Minaga liked to be all secretive, but here, he just shared stuff willy-nilly.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Because the impact of what I tell you is negligible. No matter how fast or slow you pass this floor, you get no points for doing it. Only the bonus objective gives any bonus points.” Minaga shrugged. “Me helping you while giving some basic advice will have a minimal effect. Plus, I teleported away the guy who would have said something similar, so in some ways, you can argue I am just setting things right.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Wait… this entire floor gives no points?” Jake questioned.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“No, of course not,” Minaga said, waving him off. “It is a city floor.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Then… you are legitimately just doing this to waste everyone’s time…” Jake sighed.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“I told you—it is for a better overall experience and to allow you all to socialize a bit.” Minaga grinned. “Now, from your point of view, it may seem like a waste of time, which I can totally <span id="page_324"></span>respect and promptly not care about as I force you to play my game.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake sighed again. The worst part was that he couldn’t even form any ideas to help him cheese this floor. Minaga seemed to have thought of most routes with the limit on things you could sell that you hadn’t made or obtained yourself.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Minaga smiled. “Anyway, nice to chat with you all. I’m gonna head off and do dungeon master stuff.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Not even gonna let your title slip before you leave?” Jake teased.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Alright, alright… as a final treat.” Minaga sighed. “While I am mainly known by you C-grades for creating floors in Nevermore, I go by another name in the wider universe. One echoed throughout existence, as even the most powerful of gods shudder at the mention of my name.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">He’s gonna make another damn joke,</span> Jake had already concluded.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“In the wider world, I am not simply called Minaga… but the Magnificent Minaga!”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“That was bad, and you should feel bad,” Jake said with a deadpan expression, the rest of his party slowly nodding.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Killjoy,” the Unique Lifeform said, acting offended for a moment before he flashed a slightly more serious smile. “But I didn’t totally lie. They do shudder at the mention of my name.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">With those words, Minaga teleported away, leaving the party there to take in his words. He probably thought he was dramatic, but Jake just chuckled. “For some reason, gods shuddering when having to potentially deal with Minaga doesn’t surprise me in the slightest.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s79f">“Rude,”</span> a voice echoed in their heads, completely ruining any dramatics he may have had going on.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake smiled as he turned to the party. “Let’s go check the Leaderboard and stuff anyway?”</p>
<p id="page_325" class="class_s8h2">“We should,” the Sword Saint agreed. “Trusting the words of a stranger seems unwise.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">With no one protesting, they went to check out the large Leaderboards in the middle of the city. As they walked, Jake did take notice of one thing different about this floor… Outside of the city floor between floors five and six, this was the most populated one. The average levels of those here were quite high, too, with many above level 300.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">These were essentially the “boosters” of people from the new universe. They carried them through floor after floor to help them level up, but also for these high-level individuals to explore the later floors on their own. Having a five-man party was optimal, but with a good level advantage, four-man parties also did just fine. “True” parties like Jake’s were still incredibly rare, based on all Jake had seen.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Reaching the Leaderboards, their group did confirm that the peak C-grade had been telling the truth. They did indeed hold the Point Record.</p>
<p class="class_s8t1">Average Nevermore Points (Floors 1-35): 7582</p>
<p class="class_s14">Current Nevermore Points Record (Floors 1-35): 28,473</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“Sitting at the peak right now does not mean we can relax or slow down,”</span> the Fallen King said.<span class="class_s13"> “Only that we have to further strengthen our lead and ensure our victory</span>.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Naturally,” the Sword Saint said, nodding.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“We’re just getting started,” Jake agreed with a smile.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">After they’d confirmed how great their party was, they went to check out the gate to know how high of a toll they had to pay. There was only one gate leading to the next floor, and in front of <span id="page_326"></span>it was a toll booth and a barrier. Jake went over and placed his hand on the booth, and a system notification popped up.</p>
<p class="class_s9j1">You must pay 214,000 Minaga Coins (current Minaga Coins: 0) to proceed to the next floor.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Without any reference points for the difficulty or rate of gaining Minaga Coins, Jake didn’t know how hard it would be. After the others in his party also checked, they concluded the cost was equivalent to your race level times a thousand. That meant Sylphie had to pay the highest toll, which, for some reason, made her happy.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“I guess there’s nothing to do but just get to it and figure out the best way for us all to earn our own toll amount.” Jake shrugged as the group briefly telepathically discussed what to do. They decided to find a home base first—there were plenty of hotels around—and then make a good plan. Even if the city floor was meant to be a relaxing place, they had no intentions of taking any breaks.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">While it was good to be at the top, that didn’t mean they could in any way be satisfied. They had made it there before many of the other top parties and had a lot of competition on their heels. Maybe they would even meet some of those competitors on this floor if it turned out to take a while to earn those coins.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake had a strong gut feeling it would… especially after he asked a random guy close to the toll booth…</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“How long it usually takes? No idea about the average, but I think the current record is about fourteen months? Or was it fifteen?”</p>
<p id="page_327" class="class_s8h2">Yeah, they were definitely gonna run into other parties… which did make Jake wonder, how were all his friends doing? Both those in and outside of Nevermore.</p>
</body>
</html>
