<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>part0057</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../page_styles.css"/>
</head>
  <body class="class2">
<div class="class_s8f"><div class="class_s8d"><div class="class_s9"><div class="class_s10"><p class="class_s11">Chapter 53</p></div></div><h1 id="id__798_143_" class="heading_s1h">A Grand Achievement</h1></div></div>
<p class="class_s8h"><span class="class_s8h1">J</span>ake charged forward to the updated rhythm of Minaga’s boss theme. It had once more shifted in this so-called final hidden phase, and the stars also seemed to pulse with the beat. The number of attacks descending from above was staggering, and only Jake had a chance to even approach the Unique Lifeform without having to take several hits on the way.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Vaulting over a meteor, Jake got closer yet didn’t dare use One Step due to how warped space was; the meteors clearly had some kind of strong gravitational pull. Minaga raised a hand and released a large beam toward Jake, forcing him to dodge the energy as well as a meteor headed straight for his new position. Before it had a chance to hit, a crescent wave of water cut it apart, allowing Jake to keep going without slowing down too much.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Jake focused on what was inside of his mouth as he got closer. He was swishing the liquid around, letting it burn his throat while it mixed and created a truly unstable amalgamation. Necrotic Poison… Hemotoxin… Sleeping Night Toxin… Ethsoul Toxin… and finally, his best Neurotoxin. All of it haphazardly tossed together and combined inside his mouth.</p>
<p id="page_541" class="class_s8k">He knew this mix wouldn’t actually work. It would be impossible for him to turn it into something useful… unless he had help. A way to combine it using powers far beyond what he was capable of. So Jake pulled out the final item.</p>
<p class="class_s1dp1">[Vision’s Venom of the Malefic Viper (Legendary)] – A single droplet of pure, concentrated energy and Records related to the Malefic Viper. Significantly increases the potency of any toxin it is mixed with. Using this venom during the creation of any alchemical toxin increases the chance of activating Malefic Viper’s Poison, empowering the final product with the Records of the Malefic Viper. If used by the Chosen himself, the activation of Malefic Viper’s Poison is ensured if the created item is applicable.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">It was a gift from the much-hated statue Felix had crafted, but Jake could not deny the item’s power. He quickly pulled out the single drop and threw it into his mouth, then used Concoct Poison on the amalgamation.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Right as he did so… something descended. A power far surpassing anything else momentarily appeared within the arena, and the aura of what was inside Jake’s mouth changed. It became something that should not exist, but through the power of that single drop, it did. Right as he knew it had worked, Jake encased all the liquid in stable arcane mana and created an orb.</p>
<p class="class_sba">[Malefic Viper’s Poison] has been activated! The transcendent power of the Malefic Viper has forcefully increased the rarity of your creation to Ancient, increasing all effects substantially.</p>
<p id="page_542" class="class_swy">*You have successfully crafted [Volatile Malefic Soulbane Poison (Ancient)] – A new kind of creation has been made. Bonus experience earned*</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Moving to only around a hundred meters from Minaga, Jake sent his ready signal through the Golden Mark. Even if the poison was currently being held together by the power of Malefic Viper’s Poison, it would soon break apart.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Reacting to the signal, Sylphie made her entrance as a light green breeze. She accelerated Jake further and caused several meteors to change trajectory and miss him. In the very next moment, a green bullet descended with unprecedented speed, heading straight for Minaga. Her Green Shield was active as she barrelled through dozens of meteors, her body burning with energy. Minaga looked up at the bird as she met the barrier protecting his body.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">A massive explosion sent a green burst of wind flying everywhere, blasting Sylphie back. Her body was destroyed as she tumbled through space, forcing her to transform into wind. She was heavily injured, but she had accomplished her goal as she flew back toward Dina and the others.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">The barrier protecting Minaga was filled with cracks, and large streams of water shot through the cosmos as a voice echoed, <span class="class_s15">“Glimpse of Spring: Erosion.”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8k">The Sword Saint’s stream of water impacted the barrier, stabbing through every single obstacle in the way and disintegrating everything it touched. He could not move in closer, but his Transcendence-empowered Erosion Stab still managed to finally break the barrier. It shattered like glass, making Minaga stumble back and even leaving another nasty wound on his chest.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">While he was without defenses, Dina and the Fallen King made their move. Vines sprang up from three places on Minaga’s <span id="page_543"></span>very own body, rapidly spreading and attempting to restrain him. At the same time, a golden aura descended upon the entire battlefield as the King unleashed a powerful suppressive force. Minaga froze, unable to move, and Jake closed in while feeling hairline fractures spreading across the mask from the Fallen King exerting himself.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Despite everything, Minaga was not entirely hopeless. He made eye contact with Jake as powerful pressure descended from the stars. A deep rumble went through the arena, and every single star shot a concentrated light beam straight toward Jake. His only direction for dodging was backward… but that was never going to happen.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">He kept going as the beams arrived, maintaining eye contact with Minaga. Time slowed down from Moment of the Primal Hunter activating, and Jake used that slowed-down time to cross the final distance while placing the orb of stable arcane mana in his hand, also holding Eternal Hunger as he appeared right in front of Minaga.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Time resumed just as Jake unleashed every shred of his Hunting Momentum in a full-force forward stab. Piercing Fang empowered the strike further as he aimed for Minaga’s stomach, and the Unique Lifeform was not able to react in time. The orb with the Malefic Soulbane Poison was firmly grasped in his hand as it pierced Minaga’s stomach, allowing him to embed his entire hand before the Unique Lifeform had any chance to respond.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Without hesitation, Jake used his other katar to sever the hand inside Minaga. Simultaneously, Dina’s vines wrapped around his body and pulled him backward out of another barrage of light beams.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Minaga stared as Jake flew away before looking down at the hole in his stomach. Jake reached out with his hand, which began to glow with the familiar dark green light of Touch of the Malefic Viper. He then pushed the unstable amalgamation <span id="page_544"></span>over the edge. The stable arcane energy keeping it trapped also disappeared with a mental command, and the poison was unleashed.</p>
<p class="class_s8k"><span class="class_s15">“Well, shi</span>⁠<span class="class_s15">—”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8k">The Unique Lifeform erupted in a dark green aura as the poison shot through his body, making his entire form distort as if his Soulshape was trying to escape its physical confines. His appearance warped for a second, reality seemed to flash, and the stars above blinked with uneven light as the constellation tattoos on Minaga’s body broke apart one after another.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">As his Soulshape shattered, his left arm rotted into black dust within a second, followed by one of his legs, while the rest of his body convulsed.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Suddenly, he stopped contorting. He seemed to have a final moment of clarity before grinning widely. One last time, he stared straight at Jake and the others with a taunting look while showing off his usual goofy smile.</p>
<p class="class_sp2">“You should know by now… I always go out with a bang!”</p>
<p class="class_s8k">With those words, Minaga went supernova. Jake’s eyes opened wide as he crossed his arms and summoned an arcane barrier. The shockwave reached him first, making the entire barrier crack, and the blast itself followed soon after.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Jake saw nothing but pure white light as the barrier broke, and the scales covering his body crackled and broke… until suddenly, the pressure was gone. A faint green color instead appeared, and Jake was dragged all the way back to his party by Bobo. Meanwhile, Dina stood holding her staff high, her entire body glowing with green light as a massive projection of a tree covered all five of them.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">The supernova washed over the tree, the projected bark burning and peeling away as the Sword Saint and Fallen King tried to help by summoning two barriers. Jake also quickly <span id="page_545"></span>joined them, and even Sylphie tried to help. Heat began to enter the protective zone within the tree trunk just as the blast subsided and the cosmos became still.</p>
<p class="class_s1hm2">*You have slain [Minaga – lvl 275] – Bonus experience earned for killing an enemy above your level*</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Right as the notification came, the projection of the tree faded, and as Dina’s transformed state disappeared, she fell over to the side. The Sword Saint was quick to catch her, but Jake still stared at where Minaga had been.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">There was nothing left but a few broken pieces of rock from the central platform floating through space. Even most of the stars were gone or dimmed to a level where one could barely see them. Jake finally allowed himself to calm down when his intuition told him the danger was over, and he let his own Arcane Awakening fade, causing weakness to flood his body.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Turning to his party, it quickly became clear they were all in a horrid state. The Sword Saint looked utterly haggard, having used his Glimpse of Spring twice in one fight. Dina was unconscious, so she naturally wasn’t in good condition, and the Fallen King stood with a mask that had quite a few cracks in it, giving off a weaker and far more unstable aura than before. Sylphie was the one who’d come out the best, though her energy reserves were close to zero. As for Jake himself… well, he definitely could’ve been better.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">“We won.” Jake smiled to the others just as the entire space shifted, and he felt himself being teleported before appearing within an in-between room surrounded by his four party members.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Being confirmed safe dispelled a lot of the lingering tension from the fight, and Jake felt everyone relax. The Sword Saint quickly took Dina and put her on one of the sofas in the room to relax while Jake dragged himself over to a chair.</p>
<p id="page_546" class="class_s8k">“That idea of yours was reckless,” the Sword Saint said as he looked at Jake and nodded. “But it worked, so good job. A better solution than mine, as I feel uncertain I could even have accomplished finishing him that quickly even if I went all-out.”</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Jake smiled lightly and leaned back. “Nothing ventured, nothing gained.”</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Sylphie had also slowly flown over and landed on Jake’s chest. He now held the tired bird, who seemed more than happy to just snuggle up to him. She had done a good job and deserved some head pats.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Even the Fallen King had taken a seat in one of the chairs as he worked on his unstable aura. Jake knew he had severely overexerted himself with that final attack of his. It had been far more than just an attack to stop Minaga from moving… It had weakened his soul and made it far more susceptible to Jake’s poison.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">After they had been sitting there for nearly a minute, they finally got notifications that felt pretty damn delayed. Jake read the first two and was a bit disappointed, but then he remembered the Demon Lord situation and continued, grinning from ear to ear when he saw the third one.</p>
<p class="class_s8t">Fortieth floor completed. 400 Nevermore Points earned.</p>
<p class="class_s8x">Bonus Objective Completed: Do not allow a single party member to be defeated during the battle (0/5). 1000 Nevermore Points Earned.</p>
<p class="class_s12">Grand Achievement earned: Complete the True Ending event by defeating a fully empowered Minaga in an exemplary manner. 10,000 Nevermore Points earned. Due to completing a Grand Achievement, you will receive a 25% multiplier to all Nevermore Points at the final calculation.</p>
<p id="page_547" class="class_s8k">“That is… quite something,” the Sword Saint muttered as he read the notifications.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Jake could only agree as he stared at the Grand Achievement, which he hadn’t even known was a thing. 10,000 Nevermore Points was already a shitload, but the 25% bonus was… massive. It also answered why getting to the top of the Leaderboards was so coveted. Feats like this Grand Achievement were things only the true top elite could ever accomplish, and with how massive the bonus was, Jake reckoned it was pretty much mandatory if you wanted to aim for the top. Making up for a 25% deficit seemed damn near impossible, and it did make him wonder if there were other such multipliers.</p>
<p class="class_s8k"><span class="class_s13">“A hard-fought battle rewarding an achievement I doubt many can accomplish… A level 275 Unique Lifeform is no easy foe to defeat,”</span> the Fallen King said, having managed to mostly stabilize, though he did remain quite weakened. It didn’t strike Jake as the kind of weakness that would disappear within a few hours or even days, either.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">“Ree,” Sylphie lightly screeched in agreement as she looked up at Jake with begging eyes, making him pat her again and reaffirm how good of a job she had done.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Dina was still down for the count, as she had clearly gone above and beyond by blocking that damn supernova, which Jake did think was kind of overkill.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Using his brief moment of respite, Jake decided to check another important thing. Level-ups. He instantly saw he had gotten one level from the poison, which was honestly fair, given that he had kind of cheated when he made it.</p>
<p class="class_s1dp1">*’DING!’ Profession: [Heretic-Chosen Alchemist of the Malefic Viper] has reached level 227 - Stat points allocated, +35 Free Points*</p>
<p id="page_548" class="class_s8k">As for his reward for killing Minaga… well, Jake couldn’t really complain.</p>
<p class="class_sba">*’DING!’ Class: [Arcane Hunter of Horizon’s Edge] has reached level 222 - Stat points allocated, +50 Free Points*</p>
<p class="class_sww">…</p>
<p class="class_sww">*’DING!’ Class: [Arcane Hunter of Horizon’s Edge] has reached level 225 - Stat points allocated, +50 Free Points*</p>
<p class="class_sww">*’DING!’ Race: [Human (C)] has reached level 224 - Stat points allocated, +45 Free Points*</p>
<p class="class_sww">…</p>
<p class="class_swy">*’DING!’ Race: [Human (C)] has reached level 226 - Stat points allocated, +45 Free Points*</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Four levels from killing Minaga was a lot, but also not really a lot, considering how much stronger he had been. Had Jake won the fight alone, he reckoned he would have gained at least ten levels. Not that he believed he could have won alone.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Dina stirred soon after Jake was done looking at his levels, her eyes shooting open. She rapidly sat up while looking around, and before any of them could say anything, Bobo seemed to inform her of the situation.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">She smiled. “We won.”</p>
<p class="class_s8k">“I already said that,” Jake said, smirking in response as he gave her a thumbs-up. “You came in clutch towards the end. Great job.”</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Dina just nodded, but before she could say anything… well…</p>
<p class="class_s8k"><span class="class_s15">“Man, I sure did a number on you all, huh?”</span> a voice echoed as an all-too-familiar figure popped right into the room with a big smile on his face.</p>
<p id="page_549" class="class_s8k">Dina jumped slightly as Jake turned to look at the newcomer who had just popped up, and he instantly noticed this wasn’t the same Minaga as the one they had just fought.</p>
<p class="class_s9j">[Minaga – lvl 349]</p>
<p class="class_s8k">“Please tell me this isn’t some final-final, super-hidden phase?” Jake said, sighing as he looked at the Unique Lifeform.</p>
<p class="class_s8k"><span class="class_s15">“Would you like for it to be?”</span> The Unique Lifeform grinned.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Jake stared for a second and then sighed, doing something he very rarely did: turning down a fight. “Fuck that.”</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Minaga shrugged.<span class="class_s15"> “To be fair, it wouldn’t be a fight even if you were all in peak condition.”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8k">“True, true.” Jake nodded. “Should we apologize for killing you, by the way?”</p>
<p class="class_s8k"><span class="class_s15">“Nah, it’s all good; what’s a bit of murder between friends?”</span> Minaga waved him off. <span class="class_s15">“Nice touch there at the end, by the way.”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8k">“Was that a Touch of the Malefic Viper pun?”</p>
<p class="class_s8k"><span class="class_s15">“I can neither confirm nor deny,”</span> the Unique Lifeform said, smiling jokingly before he suddenly turned extremely serious.<span class="class_s15"> “By now, I guess some of you have guessed why I am here. That’s right—it is related to loot… but…”</span> Minaga seemed incredibly conflicted as he let out a big sigh and sat down. <span class="class_s15">“I must apologize for something. All this time, I have been deceiving you all, and it is only fair I make this confession. You may not believe it… but... I’m actually a god.”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8k">An absolutely shocking revelation.</p>
</body>
</html>
