<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>part0008</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../page_styles.css"/>
</head>
  <body class="class2">
<div class="class_s8f"><div class="class_s8d"><div class="class_s9"><div class="class_s10"><p class="class_s11">Chapter 4</p></div></div><h1 id="id__798_94_" class="heading_s1h">Monarch of the Skies</h1></div></div>
<p class="class_s8h"><span class="class_s8h1">T</span>he fourth floor. When Jake and his party entered, they were all met by a very different environment than the one they had just been in. Pure darkness roamed, and the air smelled of soil and death. The environmental mana affinity matched this, as it was an odd mix of earth, death, and dark. Shortly after they were all there, the dungeon informed them of their objectives for this floor.</p>
<p class="class_s8t">Welcome to the fourth floor of Nevermore: Darkrock Caverns.</p>
<p class="class_s8x">Main objective: Defeat the Darkrock Revenant Lord.</p>
<p class="class_s8x">Bonus objectives: Smelt and create at least 200 Darkrock Ingots using Darkrock Ore.</p>
<p class="class_s8x">Current progress: Darkrock Revenant Lord (0/1), Darkrock Ingots (0/200)</p>
<p class="class_s8x">Note: More events, achievements, or objectives may be hidden on the floor.</p>
<p class="class_s12">Current Nevermore Points: 120</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Instantly, they encountered one pretty major issue:</p>
<p id="page_41" class="class_s8k">Jake was the only one who could see properly.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">The dark mana was intense, and it appeared that Jake was the only one who possessed a natural affinity to work with it. Even the Fallen King was significantly affected by the dark mana, which reminded Jake of how well his dark mana had also worked on the King back when he was known as the King of the Forest. He had managed to blind the Unique Lifeform using his formerly mild dark-affinity mana, so it made sense that the energy was a weakness of his.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Sylphie still managed to adapt by using a domain of wind that was barely detectable. It was as if a slight breeze appeared all around them, but it allowed the bird to know everything going on in the area. Dina adapted by quickly growing some odd flower on top of her head, which could apparently see for her without any problems and warn her of dangers.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">This still left the Sword Saint and the Fallen King as the most affected individuals. The Sword Saint lacked good tools to see in the darkness, but he did have skills that allowed him to fight quite effectively regardless. The same was true for the King, who did have a skill to sense souls in his vicinity even through the darkness, but this wasn’t very useful when it came to the primary challenge of this floor:</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Navigating the caverns. Oh, and avoiding the traps that were placed bloody everywhere. It really took Jake back to his Forgotten Sewers days in the tutorial, except the enemies here were not rats, but a mix of earth-affinity creatures and—as indicated by the death mana in the air—a whole lot of undead.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">If the second floor had been Dina’s time to shine and the third Sylphie’s, then this floor was Jake’s. Collect ores to form ingots for the bonus objective? Sphere of Perception. Avoid traps and find their way through the labyrinthian cavern network? Sphere of Perception. Locate hidden “vaults” of sorts hidden deep beneath the earth? Well, okay, the sphere wasn’t quite big <span id="page_42"></span>enough to reach these in its passive state, but the occasional Pulse of Perception had that covered.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">The Darkrock Ore was quite easy to discern from the surrounding rock due to its increased mana density, so Jake spent quite a lot of time directing the others where to blast cavern walls apart or where to dig. His party members did slowly adapt more to the environment as time went by, but it honestly wasn’t even needed.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">There was only one problem Jake encountered, and that was how to change the ore into ingots. He considered if he could melt it himself using Alchemical Flame, or maybe even try to summon an actual fire-affinity flame, but that turned out to be a non-issue. In one of the secret vaults, they found an entire damn forge that one just had to pour the ore into, and ingots would be spat out shortly after. By the time they found this vault, they had more than enough ore to quickly make the two hundred ingots and move on.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Less than half an hour later, Jake spotted a large being that seemed to be made of pure energy through his sphere. It was also in a large cavern surrounded by other, smaller variants of itself, and it didn’t take much brainpower to know this was the boss. After getting there, Jake finally saw this Darkrock Revenant Lord. It looked like hundreds of corpses fused into stone, mixed with a shitload of dark-affinity mana. It was a mix of an elemental and a ghost, making it quite an interesting opponent. Not that any of them cared, as this abomination was rapidly ripped apart. After that, they found a large smelter pot to throw all the ingots they had formed into, with the result being an epic-rarity breastplate and a pair of legguards that none of them needed.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">From there, they moved on to quickly locate the exit and reach the next floor, having finished this one in less than a day.</p>
<p id="page_43" class="class_s9j">Current Nevermore Points: 234</p>
<p class="class_s8k">114 Nevermore Points earned on the fourth floor. 40 from just completing the floor, 74 from the bonus objective, and then a bunch of achievements. These achievements included finding more than half of the hidden vaults, killing the boss fast, no one taking any damage from any traps, and of course, swiftly completing the dungeon.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">The loot from the in-between room was once more useless, so they moved on to the fifth floor.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Upon entering the fifth floor, a theory they had discussed was pretty much confirmed. The moment they stepped out of the gateway, they were met with vast, open skies. They stood on a floating island that was surrounded by other floating islands, their sizes ranging from a few meters across to several kilometers.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">The environmental mana was dense with wind-, water-, and lightning-affinity energy, and Jake even saw a few cloud islands in the distance, reminiscent of those he had seen on Earth. The theory they had confirmed was that the first five floors of Nevermore all served a simple function: making sure the challengers could at least handle different environments.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">They had gone from a desert of extreme heat and cold to a nature-filled forest of life. From there, they had entered an ocean of pure water, followed by a dark cavern with death, with the final floor in the sky surrounded by wind mana. Each floor had a theme. Perhaps this was why the design felt so lazy at times… They were meant to be relatively simple and test the basics of those who dared attempt to explore Nevermore.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Though Jake called the design lazy… upon reading the description of the fifth floor, it did appear there was more to this one.</p>
<p id="page_44" class="class_s8t">Welcome to the fifth floor of Nevermore: Cloudspring Archipelagos.</p>
<p class="class_s8x">Main objective: Defeat the Lord of Winds, the Lord of Clouds, and the Lord of Lightning.</p>
<p class="class_s8x">Bonus objectives: Catch at least 24 Cloudspring Spirits before they escape the archipelagos.</p>
<p class="class_s8x">Current progress: Lord of Wind, Lord of Clouds, Lord of Lightning (0/3). Caught Cloudspring Spirits (0/24)</p>
<p class="class_s8x">Note: More events, achievements, or objectives may be hidden on the floor.</p>
<p class="class_s12">Current Nevermore Points: 234</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Rather than having only a single boss to kill, this floor had three. Perhaps it was because this was the final floor before they entered their first city. After every fifth floor, there would be an intervening floor that counted as neither a true floor nor a dungeon. Even if Jake admittedly didn’t know much about these city floors, he planned on getting there fast.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">This floor was also different in one other way. Each of the prior floors had been an unfavorable environment for one or more members of the party, or, at the very least, not a beneficial one. Dina had been advantaged in the second floor, and Jake in the fourth, sure, but this floor… This one was different.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Wind. Clouds. Open area. Sylphie, the Sword Saint, and Jake all felt in their element. Due to their advantage, they all knew that this level was theirs to utterly dominate. It wasn’t like the King and Dina were disadvantaged either. They set out with great gusto, and it quickly became clear just how ridiculous their advantage was.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">The wind whispered far louder than on any other floor, allowing Sylphie to know where everything was. Within a minute, she already had a rough idea of where the three Lords were. The bonus objective of capturing at least 24 Cloudspring <span id="page_45"></span>Spirits was also one they wanted to tackle, and it didn’t take them long to find their first spirit. These spirits were small, fairy-like creatures that moved incredibly fast and were quite elusive. Their group discussed how to capture them and even laid out plans that included the King creating small cages and Jake weaving stable arcane mana nets, which made their first encounter with one incredibly anticlimactic.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">“Ree!” Sylphie screeched loudly the second they saw this first spirit.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">The spirit stopped dozens of kilometers away and turned around. Then, like an arrow, it flew straight towards them before circling around Sylphie and eventually settling on her back, rubbing its head against the hawk’s feathers.</p>
<p class="class_s9j">Current progress: Capture Cloudspring Spirits (1/24)</p>
<p class="class_s8k">It turned out that these Cloudspring Spirits <span class="class_s13">really</span> liked Sylphie. As in, after the first one was “captured,” they kind of all just came flying in while the party traveled toward the three bosses. They weren’t even a quarter of the way when they passively completed the bonus objective.</p>
<p class="class_s9j">Bonus Objective Completed: Capture at least 24 Cloudspring Spirits. 20 Nevermore Points earned.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">After completing the bonus objective, they learned that the three bosses were all in roughly the same area on three massive cloud islands. It turned out that a reward for collecting the spirits—outside of the points—was information, and damn, were the spirits all chatterboxes. They told them all about the secrets they could find on different islands and warned them of what the three bosses were capable of. Once they had captured all twenty-<span id="page_46"></span>four, they were also told where the three bosses were. Something they already knew, but hey, it was something.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">When it came to opponents on this floor, they took the form of birds, elementals, and even some pterodactyl-looking monsters that breathed lightning. None were a problem and all were killed before they even had a chance to attack, though most foes actively avoided their group.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">A bit less than halfway to the bosses, Sylphie was practically surrounded by Cloudspring Spirits, and they got an achievement.</p>
<p class="class_s9j">Achievement earned: Capture more than 50 Cloudspring Spirits. 25 Nevermore Points earned.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">With the achievement came more information. They were informed that if they crushed the orbs dropped from all three Lords instead of bringing them to the exit of the dungeon for an extra reward, they would be able to summon an optional and even harder boss. So that was definitely cool.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">By the time Jake spotted the first large island with one of the Floor Bosses, Sylphie was drowned in spirits, and when just one more joined them, a second achievement popped up.</p>
<p class="class_s9j">Achievement earned: Capture all 100 Cloudspring Spirits. 30 Nevermore Points earned.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">The reward for getting every single spirit wasn’t information. Instead, all of the one hundred Cloudspring Spirits merged together and formed one Cloudspring Spirit Queen. The Cloudspring Spirit Queen was only slightly larger than the smaller spirits, and Jake wondered what her function was. Something he would never come to know.</p>
<p id="page_47" class="class_s8k">Shortly after she appeared, Sylphie let out a few screeches. The Spirit Queen seemed ecstatic as her body began to fade and turn into a small marble, which Sylphie then inhaled before burping and looking happy.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">No one bothered to question the hawk. Instead, they split up to take down the three bosses. The Lords were all relatively close together, but there were still around a thousand kilometers between each island.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Contrary to the other floors, this one was not as much about finding the end goal. The islands were all placed in a long strip that grew larger as one traveled, with the final four Islands being the largest by far. It was one massive island in the middle, surrounded by three large islands that had smaller masses in between.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Jake went for one boss, the Sword Saint another, and Sylphie a third, with the Fallen King and Dina going toward the massive central island to secure the exit Sylphie had told them was there.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">The three Lords were elementals, so they divvied it up by giving Sylphie the Lord of Winds, the Sword Saint the Lord of Clouds, and Jake the Lord of Lightning.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Given that this was still only the fifth floor, what followed was not truly a fight. Jake took down the Lord of Lightning by barraging it with arrows from afar, while Sylphie demolished the Lord of Winds by, in her words, “out-winding it.” The Sword Saint took the longest, as cutting an elemental wasn’t the most effective, but it was still done within minutes.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Each of the three Lords dropped a basketball-sized orb corresponding to their affinities, and as agreed upon, the three of them instantly broke the orbs to summon the optional boss.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">And summon an optional boss it did.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">After he broke the orb, the island Jake had fought the Lord of Lightning on began to crumble, then released a giant arc of lightning that flew towards the central island. Shortly after, a <span id="page_48"></span>tornado-looking beam of wind flew from another broken island. Finally, a stream of clouds was launched from the final boss island.</p>
<p class="class_s8t">Event unlocked.</p>
<p class="class_s8x">The three Lords of the Cloudspring Archipelagos have fallen, powerless before their foes. As the three islands crumble, the Orb of the Winds, Clouds, and Lightning all lie broken. Behold, as the Monarch of the Skies awakens.</p>
<p class="class_s8x">Objective: Defeat the Monarch of the Skies.</p>
<p class="class_s12">Warning: The Monarch of the Skies is an optional objective and is significantly more powerful than any prior Floor Bosses.</p>
<p class="class_s8k"><span class="class_s13">“Meet up at my location,” </span>the Fallen King sent to Jake and the others as they began flying towards the central island.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">On the island, a massive pillar of wind, clouds, and lightning had appeared and begun soaring toward the sky. Far above, lightning clouds formed as the wind picked up and the occasional thunder rumbled. It truly gave off the vibes of a proper final boss being summoned.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Meeting up with the Fallen King, Jake saw that Sylphie had already returned, and they waited only for the Sword Saint to make his way back as they observed the pillar slowly fade to reveal the form of the final boss.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Jake wasn’t sure what he should have expected as he laid eyes on the Monarch of the Skies. Considering the three Lords had all been elementals, Jake had assumed that this Monarch of the Skies would be an elemental too, but what he saw instead was a humanoid creature that stood nearly ten meters tall. Feathers crackling with lightning covered the creature’s entire <span id="page_49"></span>form, only hidden by silvery armor that protected the Monarch’s chest area. Two large white wings sprang from its back. The Monarch looked androgynous, and Jake honestly had no idea what its race was.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">What he did know was that this creature was far more powerful than any other Floor Boss they had faced in Nevermore.</p>
<p class="class_s9j">[Monarch of the Skies – lvl 225]</p>
<p class="class_s8k">However… even if this one was stronger than anything they had faced in Nevermore, it was not stronger than anything Jake had ever faced before. Compared to the Isoptera Hive King, this Monarch of the Skies fell short by quite a margin. Moreover, Jake was not alone.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">“Are you disappointed?” the Sword Saint, who had just returned, asked Jake as they both looked at the event boss.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">“I don’t know,” Jake said honestly. “But I guess I had hoped for more.”</p>
<p class="class_s8k"><span class="class_s13">“We are barely at the starting stages of Nevermore,</span>” the King said.<span class="class_s13"> “This foe already surpasses what the vast majority of parties would be capable of handling</span>.”</p>
<p class="class_s8k">“I know, I know,” Jake said with a sigh. “Anyway, let’s just get this over with.”</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Jake wasn’t gonna lie. While he did find the experience of exploring the floors of Nevermore kind of interesting, and he enjoyed the company he was there with, the entire thing had been quite disappointing so far. He would have preferred to just skip to the twentieth floor or some shit. Sadly, he had to bully far weaker foes for a while longer before that was possible.</p>
<p id="page_50" class="class_s8k">However, just as they were about to engage, the Sword Saint seemed to get an idea. He turned to Dina and asked, “Dina… how about taking on this foe alone?”</p>
</body>
</html>
