<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>part0049</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../page_styles.css"/>
</head>
  <body class="class2">
<div class="class_s8f"><div class="class_s8d"><div class="class_s9"><div class="class_s10"><p class="class_s11">Chapter 45</p></div></div><h1 id="id__798_135_" class="heading_s1h">Minaga's Labyrinth True Ending</h1></div></div>
<p class="class_s8h"><span class="class_sub">M</span>inaga had been pretty honest from the get-go when he talked about the floors after his city floor. They had indeed just been the same setup over and over again, with ever-increasing difficulty. The difficulty actually reached a level where Jake and the others had to get serious, especially in the final room of each floor, where at least one of the hardest options was hard-coded to always include a boss. At least, Jake assumed it was hard-coded, as it was like that every time, and Minaga never denied that was the case.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">One minor change was that all the labyrinths seemed shorter, containing both standard shortcuts and traps you could activate to progress faster. This included a few instances of walls that could be opened as well as illusory walls; the latter was Jake’s favorite, as he hadn’t noticed the first one he saw in his sphere was even meant to be illusory before he laid eyes on it.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">This was the only reason Jake and company could keep their clear times of both floor thirty-eight and thirty-nine below a full day, though it did get damn close on floor thirty-nine. Having to do nine rooms total was a bit taxing; no two ways about it.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Jake also had to admit that they had gotten fortunate, though. Not lucky enough for him to think that Minaga was <span id="page_463"></span>actively helping them, but lucky enough for him to feel lucky. More than half of the rooms had been combat rooms, and with a few bosses and collection rooms mixed in, they had just enough time. They were further helped along by liberally consuming potions between rooms so they never had to slow down. They also restricted all chatter with Minaga to the labyrinths, where their speed was limited by the floor rules.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Anyway… with their success also came more experience than Jake had expected.</p>
<p class="class_sba">*’DING!’ Class: [Arcane Hunter of Horizon’s Edge] has reached level 220 - Stat points allocated, +50 Free Points*</p>
<p class="class_sww">*’DING!’ Race: [Human (C)] has reached level 223 - Stat points allocated, +45 Free Points*</p>
<p class="class_swy">*’DING!’ Class: [Arcane Hunter of Horizon’s Edge] has reached level 221 - Stat points allocated, +50 Free Points*</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Jake would undoubtedly say that two levels in two days was damn good. It was definitely faster than alchemy could ever be unless he got epiphanies related to upgrading skills. The others had also all gained plenty.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Anyway, after the floors, they found themselves standing inside the in-between floor before it was time for the fortieth floor. They were not in a hurry, as they all definitely needed to be back in peak condition. Jake felt that the final floor would not be easy. Upon seeing them all relaxing, Minaga swooped in to echo that sentiment.</p>
<p class="class_sp2">“Remember to rest up well before the final floor of my labyrinth, alright? It’s gonna be quite an experience and will truly test you. The Demon Lord boss will look <span id="page_464"></span>like a cakewalk in comparison; I can promise you that! Okay, maybe not a cakewalk, but definitely a far easier kind of walk than the walk you are about to walk into.”</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Jake smiled. “You know, I have quite a good idea of what we will face.”</p>
<p class="class_s8k"><span class="class_s15">“Well, don’t spoil it for the others even if you do!”</span> Minaga argued.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">“Pretty sure they figured it out too.”</p>
<p class="class_sp2">“In that case, let’s all act like none of you know, so please act surprised when you see the final challenge, alright?”</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Jake threw a glance at his party members, and after getting a few shrugs, he agreed. “Sure, pal, you can have that.”</p>
<p class="class_sp2">“Thanks, and see you soon! Who knows… maybe sooner than you think!”</p>
<p class="class_s8k"><span class="class_s13">Yeah, Minaga himself is definitely the final boss,</span> Jake thought, smiling to himself. He knew he’d be lying if he said he wasn’t looking forward to it. The Minaga that had appeared in all of the welcome rooms had been a level 275 Unique Lifeform, and if he was as powerful as the Fallen King would be at level 275… Jake was definitely not confident in winning alone.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Even with his party, it would be incredibly rough. Also, despite them all knowing they would face Minaga, they did have the problem of not knowing what he could actually do. Sure, he had teleported around a bunch with help from the dungeon, but he had shown none of his actual powers. The only clue was that he was some kind of mage, given the name of the different difficulties and his whole demeanor and clothes. Also, being a dungeon master and mage just tended to go together, with Casper being an outlier.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">As part of Jake’s preparations, he also finally distributed the last 2400 stat points from his Altmar Signet that he hadn’t yet placed anywhere. Looking at his stat caps, he could get roughly <span id="page_465"></span>800 more Strength and 1100 Agility from the ring. That left him with 500 stat points left to place, and after a bit of consideration, he put them into Endurance. Having more Endurance would allow him to better withstand his boosting skill and even keep it active for longer. Besides, if he changed his mind later, he could just redistribute the stat points.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Checking out the ring, he nodded.</p>
<p class="class_s8t">[Altmar Signet of Supremacy (Legendary)] – A ring presented by the Altmar Empire to the Chosen of the Malefic Viper. This ring is made of an unknown but extremely energy-dense metal, with an unknown gem of immense power embedded in it. This ring was originally based on the Trial Signet design but has been further refined and improved to make a fitting gift for a Chosen. The first time the wielder equips the ring, they will be able to distribute the signet’s energy into whatever stats they desire. Distributing any of the stat points will make the ring Soulbound. A brief recharge period is required between each redistribution of stat points. Stat points cannot be redistributed during combat. Enchantments: +2500 Perception, +900 Strength, +1100 Agility, +500 Endurance.</p>
<p class="class_s9j">Requirements: Soulbound.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">With all preparations done, Jake and company continued forward without delay. The others had also consumed elixirs to make sure they had all the stat boosts they could, and besides some potential improvements in equipment, they had no more optimization to do. They were already in formation as they entered the fortieth floor, ready as could be and at the peak of <span id="page_466"></span>their game when the room appeared before them. With their entry also came the expected floor introduction.</p>
<p class="class_s8t">Welcome to the fortieth floor of Nevermore: The Grand Finale of Minaga’s Labyrinth</p>
<p class="class_s8x">Main objective: Defeat the final boss.</p>
<p class="class_s8x">Bonus objectives: N/A</p>
<p class="class_s8x">Current progress: Final boss (0/1)</p>
<p class="class_s8x">Note: It’s the finale!</p>
<p class="class_s12">Current Nevermore Points: 42,973</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Jake read it over along with everyone else. However, they did not have much time, as an aura appeared in the middle of the large, cathedral-like building they found themselves in. The temperature of the place increased as flames gathered, revealing the outline of an all-too-familiar figure.</p>
<p class="class_s9j">[Demon Lord – lvl 275]</p>
<p class="class_s8k">“You gotta be kidding me,” Jake whispered under his breath as the Demon Lord fully manifested, a spear appearing in his hand.</p>
<p class="class_s8k"><span class="class_s15">“I have been waiting for you!” </span>the demon said as it pointed the spear at them.<span class="class_s15"> “Behold, I, the long-lost twin of Demon Lord Gubrothas, shall be your deaths! My name is Demon Lord Gobruthas, and today I will avenge my</span>⁠<span class="class_s15">—”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8k">He didn’t get further before, suddenly, the entire cathedral was enveloped in blue energy. The room exploded as a massive white pillar crashed through the roof, crushing the Demon Lord into paste. Everything shook as the pillar kept drilling into the <span id="page_467"></span>ground, squashing the Demon Lord further. On top of it, Jake saw the expected figure he had already presumed to be the boss.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">It was naturally Minaga himself.</p>
<p class="class_s9j">[Minaga – lvl 275]</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Jake saw him, and then… then the lights came. Strobe lights began blinking throughout the hall as thousands of openings appeared on the pillar and walls of the room, all shooting out colorful lights in all shades of the rainbow. The walls of the cathedral also began extending outwards and shuffling around, expanding the battle arena significantly.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">The light show continued for several seconds before a massive spotlight appeared, illuminating Minaga atop the pillar as he spread out his arms.</p>
<p class="class_sp2">“WELCOME, WELCOME, WELCOME! TO THE GRAND FINALE!”</p>
<p class="class_s8k">With his words, a system message appeared in front of them all.</p>
<p class="class_s8t">Event unlocked: True Ending</p>
<p class="class_s8x">You have completed all the prerequisites and proven yourself worthy to face the true final boss of Minaga’s Labyrinth: its creator. Take heed, for this challenge surpasses all those you have faced prior.</p>
<p class="class_s8x">Note: Due to the difficulty level of the challenge, any individual that takes lethal damage will be teleported out of the boss room instead of dying. Should all party members be defeated, the event will be failed and cannot be reattempted.</p>
<p class="class_s12">New Bonus Objective gained: Do not allow a single party member to be defeated during the battle.</p>
<p id="page_468" class="class_s8k">Jake scanned the message and frowned, yelling at the Unique Lifeform before he could continue his introduction show, “No death here?”</p>
<p class="class_s8k"><span class="class_s15">“Not unless you kill yourselves, no. Actually, let’s just get all that out of the way… Let me say it like this… Concessions were required before the Wyrmgod and system would accept having a challenge of this caliber placed on the fortieth floor of the C-grade portion of Nevermore. Not a minor concession, either. In order for balance to be reached, the system implemented the condition that you can’t die, only be defeated. In other words, if you are to take fatal damage from me, you won’t actually die but be teleported to jail! And if you all get jailed, you will fail and be sent back to the in-between room, and things will look quite a bit different when you reenter</span>.”</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Jake nodded at Minaga repeating the information. “So, as the system message said.”</p>
<p class="class_s8k"><span class="class_s15">“Exactly,”</span> Minaga said, smiling. <span class="class_s15">“Now, can I continue without you ruining my groove?”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8k">“Be my guest.” Jake bowed, giving the Unique Lifeform space.</p>
<p class="class_s8k"><span class="class_s15">“Thank you. Now, where was I… Oh, right!”</span> Minaga cleared his throat as he continued with his scripted speech.<span class="class_s15"> “You, brave challengers, find yourselves at the final challenge of Minaga’s Labyrinth! What else could it be but the opportunity to face the peak of dungeoneering itself? Me! The creator of the greatest labyrinth ever!”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8k">“Oh, my lord, I cannot believe the final boss is actually Minaga himself!” Jake exclaimed loudly.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">“We were thoroughly bamboozled and all taken by surprise,” the Sword Saint echoed in a dry voice.</p>
<p id="page_469" class="class_s8k">“Yeah, a big reveal,” Dina said while nodding along, giggling a bit.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">“Ree!” Sylphie screeched, trying to act surprised too. Only the Fallen King wasn’t a good sport about the entire thing.</p>
<p class="class_sp2">“Ha ha! Naturally, you had no way of seeing such a twist coming! This will be the ultimate challenge of my labyrinth, and should you come out victorious, you will be generously rewarded! Should you fail, you will have to do another challenge that will still give pretty decent rewards, but way worse than if you’d defeated me!”</p>
<p class="class_s8k">The five of them nodded as they observed the Unique Lifeform. Jake scanned him as well as he could, trying to get a good read… and one thing was indeed certain: Minaga was far more powerful than any opponent he had ever faced before, bar none. To make matters worse… the Unique Lifeform knew them. He had observed them throughout the dungeon, and Jake would not put it past Minaga to use that against them.</p>
<p class="class_s8k"><span class="class_s13">“Don’t let your guard down for even a second,”</span> Jake warned his party. <span class="class_s13">“And don’t hesitate to use boosting skills.”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8k">A second passed as the final vestiges of the light show died down. The fight was about to start.</p>
<p class="class_s8k"><span class="class_s15">“So, challengers… are you ready to face Minaga?”</span> He smiled, looking tauntingly down at them with raised eyebrows.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Jake smirked, pulled out his bow, and jumped to the side. The Fallen King and Sword Saint moved forward as Dina stayed in place, while Sylphie shot into the air.</p>
<p class="class_s8k"><span class="class_s15">“I shall take that as a yes,” </span>the Unique Lifeform said as he lifted one hand and grinned from ear to ear. He snapped his fingers, and his body exploded with energy, his voice still echoing throughout the entire hall. <span class="class_s15">“Cue my boss theme.”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8k">The deep sound of bass rumbled the room as music began playing from who-knows-where. Jake and the others didn’t take their time to enjoy it, though.</p>
<p id="page_470" class="class_s8k">Following his own advice, Arcane Awakening activated at 30% right off the bat as he nocked an arrow and took aim at the Unique Lifeform that had yet to move. Yet just as he released his arrow, a massive floor tile flipped over right in front of him, blocking him and making his own arrow explode right in his face.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Then the more than twenty-meter-wide tile flew towards Jake, forcing him to dodge away as more of the floor rose to try and block him in. Busy dodging, he could only get a few glances at the Sword Saint closing in on Minaga, his boosting skill also active.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Minaga’s pillar exploded the very next second, roots erupting from all over it and flying towards the Unique Lifeform. He jumped in response, meeting the Sword Saint in melee while summoning a staff in each hand.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">The Sword Saint kept diving in and slashing, forcing Minaga to block his blows. Yet just as the old man was about to pull back, Minaga moved in closer, and it looked almost like his staff became stuck to the Sword Saint’s sword as he swept it upwards.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">All the old man could do was be dragged along with the staff as he was tossed above Minaga… right into the path of a diving Sylphie, who had to divert her course. To make things worse, Minaga lifted his second staff and pointed it at where Sylphie was dodging, shooting out a torrent of flames that forced her even further away.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Then, in an almost dancing motion, he pivoted out of the way of a blast of force shot by the Fallen King. Simultaneously, more than a dozen magic circles appeared around him. Stopping his pivoting, he pointed with a finger gun towards the Fallen King.</p>
<p class="class_sp2">“Bang.”</p>
<p class="class_s8k">All the magic circles exploded simultaneously, releasing giant ice spears that flew toward the other Unique Lifeform. Reacting quickly, the Fallen King summoned a golden wall in <span id="page_471"></span>front of himself, but the ice spears proved more powerful than he had expected, making the barrier crack and forcing him to retreat just before it shattered.</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Jake, who had finally managed to get free of the shuffling floor tiles, released a barrage of destructive arcane arrows at Minaga, who was falling to the ground. This made him raise his hand and summon a metal wall of pure energy right in front of himself.</p>
<p class="class_s8k"><span class="class_s15">“Oopsie,”</span> Minaga said when a root spear nearly hit him in the foot as he landed on the floor. He managed to dodge it just as two overlapping crescent waves of water and wind cut towards him, forcing him to once again summon a defensive barrier. This one was molten metal, releasing a huge amount of steam when the attacks hit it.</p>
<p class="class_s8k"><span class="class_s13">“All-elemental magic… perhaps more than just elemental magic,”</span> Dina said through their Golden Mark.</p>
<p class="class_s8k"><span class="class_s13">“Advice?”</span> Jake said.</p>
<p class="class_s8k"><span class="class_s13">“Be prepared for any kind of attack</span>.”</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Jake sighed as the steam began to gather above Minaga, who stood there with a lifted staff. The orb of dense energy grew above him while he infused even more energy into it.</p>
<p class="class_sp2">“Come on—you can do better than this! In fact, I know you can.”</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Jake and the others had time to properly get in position to strike again as Minaga just stood there with a giant grin on his face. Then he shrugged.</p>
<p class="class_sp2">“Fine. If you won’t attack…”</p>
<p class="class_s8k">Cracks formed all over the orb above him, releasing intense energy.</p>
<p class="class_sp2">“… then I will.”</p>
</body>
</html>
