<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>part0076</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../page_styles.css"/>
</head>
  <body class="class4">
<div class="class_s8f1"><div class="class_s8d"><div class="class_s9"><div class="class_s10"><p class="class_s11">Chapter 72</p></div></div><h1 id="id__798_162_" class="heading_s1h">Meetings... So Many Meetings</h1></div></div>
<p class="class_s8h3"><span class="class_s8h1">T</span>he Chosen Ceremony Support Group (CCSG) held yet another biweekly meeting. Six women met at Jake’s residence, as that was one of the only places where they could be sure no one would interrupt or interfere. All of them were united by one thing:</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">They each had a personal relationship with Jake and had been severely impacted by his identity as a Chosen. No, they were still repeatedly impacted by his status.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">This group consisted of Reika, Meira, Scarlett, Irin, Bastilla, and Izil, though they sometimes had others join who also suffered from their association with Jake being revealed. These meetings didn’t have any strict purpose… Well, they had initially been a way to organize and get their stories straight with what information they could and couldn’t share about Jake, but after only three meetings, the group had turned into what was essentially just a support group for venting.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“My family has constantly been sending people asking me if I could get a meeting with the Chosen, and when I said he is in Nevermore, they began to question if I knew which floor he was at, and one of my aunts even asked why I didn’t join the party,” Bastilla, the beastfolk roommate of Reika, complained. “I barely <span id="page_745"></span>even know him… We did one dungeon together! Why the hell would he bring me, of all people?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Have you tried misdirecting them?” Izil, the elf from the Altmar Empire, offered. “I keep telling them that I switched strategies from directly trying to make a close connection with the Chosen to instead focusing on the people around him who do have a close connection… which means they are actively supporting me going to these meetings now, as they think I am networking. Which I guess I kind of am. But it also makes them back off, at least for a time.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“That’s a good strategy,” Reika said, nodding. “I am lucky that I have no pressure from family anymore. Then again, that is mainly because the Patriarch is already close to Jake. Ah, by the way, as an update, the other alchemists from the clan have also backed off on trying to get closer to Jake through me, and I warned them that trying to take advantage of the fact that he brought them here may end badly. No, what I have had trouble with recently was this instructor who had a lesson I really wanted to take about ice-affinity flask brewing. The man is a total creeper who immediately refunded any Academy Credits I had spent on the lesson and then proceeded to offer private lessons. I thought he wanted… you know… but no, he just wanted intel on Jake.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Wait… isn’t that the same guy who taught cold-poison absorption and refinement?” Scarlett said in realization. “Big, blue scalekin. Has a weird scale pattern on his chest that looks a bit like a cupcake?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“That’s the one!” Reika confirmed. “Geez, he tried it with you too?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Yeah, he definitely isn’t subtle,” Scarlett said. “I think he is from one of the Dragonflights or something, though I didn’t actually talk to him; I just took the refund and informed him I was forbidden from speaking about the Chosen. He still sent me <span id="page_746"></span>a natural treasure even after I told him to screw off, so I just ate it and moved on.” She ended with a shrug.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Definitely nothing wrong with taking advantage of people like that; just be careful not to sow any debts,” Reika said, nodding with a smile. She then turned to look at Meira, who was sitting quietly as usual. “Anything new happen for you over the last two weeks? Still the same problem?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Yeah…” Meira said meekly. “I don’t even try to take normal lessons anymore. Only if it is really necessary. I just work with Teacher.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Meira had the problem of being more than just the former slave and close associate of the Chosen. She was now also the first person that Duskleaf, the Grand Elder of the Order, had blessed in no one knew how long, making her a figure many were interested in. Coupled with her demeanor and general personality, that was not a good mix, as she was far from used to the pressure.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Scarlett did have a bit of the same problem, being blessed by the Malefic Viper herself, but it was far, far from as severe as it was for Meira. The six of them had all questioned why Jake was so insistent on staying anonymous, but now, after having experienced even the second-hand impact of his status, they got it. While there were many advantages, the sheer mental drain was exhausting.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">You had to consider whether every single person talking to you had some ulterior motive, not wanting to talk with you as a person but just using you to get to someone else. This was one of the reasons why these meetings kept happening: It was nice to talk to a group of people who didn’t just suffer from the same issue, but who you were also relatively sure weren’t just there to try and get closer to Jake.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Any positive stories?” Reika asked, trying to focus on the good stuff.</p>
<p id="page_747" class="class_s8h2">“I got one!” Irin said. “My former supervisor, who just came back from an assignment a week ago, keeps inviting me out for drinks and asking to chat. This was the same girl who, just a decade ago, made fun of me for not landing any big fish in the net.” She shook her head as she displayed a proud smile. “I still remember when she spent three full hours bragging about getting with this young scion from some big beastfolk tribe while throwing in her jabs, asking me who I managed to snatch up recently. Not a single comment from her for the last week, and I even purposefully keep bumping into her.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Devilish,” Izil said, chuckling. “Speaking of devilish… you said you had a skill selection coming up. Did you… you know?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Get an option related to Jake? No.” Irin waved her off, smiling. “I got three total. Two for my race and one for my profession.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“And?” Reika questioned.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Only picked one of them.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Really?” Reika said with a deadpan face.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Best option by far—don’t blame me,” Irin said, shameless. “It isn’t like I am the only one.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Reika sighed. “Still.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Alright, change of subject. You know what I am gonna ask, right? What’s the tally for the last two weeks? I am at thirteen. Down from last week. I think people are beginning to get the message.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Only forty-three,” Reika said with a smile. “All of them in-person, too, with half during a single lesson.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“A hundred and two,” Bastilla said with a sigh. “Most from back home… I don’t think they get that I don’t actually know the Chosen, like, at all.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Just eight; I think the fact that I have a fiancé back home got around.” Izil smiled. “I don’t have one, but it worked.”</p>
<p id="page_748" class="class_s8h2">“A hundred and seventy-nine,” Scarlett said quite proudly. “I rejected all of them… especially this super-weird one.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">All eyes turned to the final girl in the room, who suddenly looked embarrassed.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Meira?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“I don’t…”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Come on,” Izil said. “It can’t be that many, right?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">With some hesitation, she said, “Nine hundred and five…”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The others stared at her for a moment before Irin began giggling to herself.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“That’s on me,” Izil said, raising her hands in defeat. “I accidentally let a bit too much slip to the Empire… so…”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“It’s okay.” Meira smiled. “I just ignore them…”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">As for what they were counting?</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Unprompted invitations. Invitations varied, with most of them being proposals or people asking them out, along with factions that wanted meetings to establish a connection—with the goal of recruiting them, naturally. Oh, and the odd ones, like this weird guy who just wanted Scarlett to bite him.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Life as a survivor of knowing Jake was truly challenging.</p>
<p class="class_ssv">In a meeting room back on Earth, other associates of Jake were also working hard to deal with everything Jake’s identity as the Chosen of the Malefic Viper brought about.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Any problems on your end, Arthur?” Miranda asked the man sitting across the large table. “I heard a demonstration recently got a bit out of control in… What was it called again?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Seawind Village, though we should probably update the name to Seawind City with its expansion over the last year,” Arthur explained. “There was a recent influx of immigrant beastfolk who preferred to live closer to the ocean, and the locals didn’t exactly take to this kindly. Especially not when the <span id="page_749"></span>housing prices rose exponentially for all residences that were seaside, pricing out anyone who wasn’t at least solidly in D-grade.” He shook his head. “While we managed to quell some of the anger by assuring that those who already owned housing there would be grandfathered into the new real-estate law without having to pay increased taxes for at least the next five years, many who wanted to move there in the future are still far from happy, and as you say, there was one protest recently that got out of hand. A few injured, but no deaths.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“I take it you have the situation handled, or do you need more assistance?” Miranda questioned.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“No, I believe that after an adaptation period, things will calm down. We are also working on some high-rise construction that will provide more affordable accommodations that still offer a view of the sea, even if they are not close to it. Many of the beastkin want quick access to the sea itself due to their variant races, while the humans only really care about the view.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Miranda nodded, happy that things seemed to be working out but more than a little tired of dealing with issues like this all the time. Even before the mass influx of slaves had appeared—an influx that was still ongoing, mind you—they had been working on reforming many of the laws and institutions present on Earth to make what would effectively be a proper government.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Ever since the integration, it had become the norm for every City Lord to effectively be the local warlord who made their own rules and laws. While the United City Alliance and other factions did integrate many cities, they didn’t include even close to every single city. Especially not the rural ones.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Since the establishment of the council, they had actively made an effort to unite the planet. With the influx of slaves, this only became even more of a priority to make sure fringe factions that opposed this immigration wouldn’t appear without their knowledge. Recently, the United Tribes had been sending <span id="page_750"></span>arrivals to help assist Miranda, and while they were a great aid in expanding the influence of the council, they were also ultimately newcomers, which many native earthlings weren’t big fans of. Lots of xenophobia all around; that was for sure.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Speaking of beastkin and beast, did you look into the appearance of the C-grade beast?” Miranda asked another guy in the room. It was the former leader of the fort, and now, after the Myriad Paths event, a reformed, fist-fighting magic brawler. Phillip.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Phillip had given up entirely on being a leader of any kind, even after his second wind from having to deal with Haven during the Ell’Hakan debacle. He was now thoroughly retired… if by retired, one meant having taken up the job of working for the government as an investigator of sorts, that is. Ah, but he was not a leader with any employee responsibility. That had been his big requirement for taking the job.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">He had recently gone to investigate what was suspected to be the first appearance of a C-grade beast within human territory since Sylphie. C-grades were still pretty rare on Earth, so this had caused some ruckus, especially given that the beast had appeared in a rural village with no other C-grades anywhere nearby. All other C-grades, Jake—or now Miranda, having been given the authority—had to approve to enter protected human lands. The one exception were those who had grown up within these lands and evolved there, like Sylphie. And now this beast.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Yes, I looked into it, and I don’t think there will be any problems even if we leave him alone.” Phillip shook his head and smiled. “In fact, this beast has apparently been protecting the locals in the area for quite a while and is a bit of a local hero. Plus, he was really nice… though he did seem to have the same issue as Sylphie where he refuses to properly communicate, even if by all accounts he should be able to.”</p>
<p id="page_751" class="class_s8h2">“Alright, good to know,” Miranda said, nodding. “Keep an eye out still; better safe than sorry.” In all honesty, she wasn’t that surprised. From the reports, the beast was friendly and had been living with humans ever since they returned from the tutorial, all without any incidents of note.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">It did make sense. Golden retrievers tended to be good boys and girls, so it would have been very surprising if it had turned into a bad dog.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Miranda smiled at the thought as she turned to one of the estate developers who had been allowed to attend the meeting. “Moving on. Could you give me an update on clearing the buffer zone around Haven? Did you relocate all the illegal settlements as planned?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Quite a while ago, it had been decided that a buffer zone of around ten kilometers would be made around the entrance to the forest Haven was placed in. This was to continue respecting Jake’s wish of having Haven be a quaint little forest town, with the hope he would actually bother still visiting there from time to time.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Without this buffer zone, Haven would rapidly turn into a metropolis, as every new arrival wanted to be as close to the Chosen of the Malefic Viper as possible. Why wouldn’t they? Their primary reason for coming had been to form a better relationship with the Order of the Malefic Viper, after all.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Despite having set up the buffer zone, some people still chose to settle there. It was a constant struggle, having to clear them out, and Miranda was honestly considering just placing a hex on the entire zone to give anyone who spent too long there horrible waking nightmares. Maybe diarrhea, too.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Yes, Mistress, they have all been moved to the primary city, and better signage has been posted to clearly state that settling within the buffer zone is not allowed,” the female developer explained. “However, Mistress, if I may, we are beginning to <span id="page_752"></span>run out of raw materials… The supply simply cannot meet the demand. We are especially in need of metals for reinforcing the structures.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Hm, try to talk with the merchant alliance about obtaining more,” Miranda said after thinking for a bit. “Lillian can update your budget, but I will need an itemized report of what you spend these funds on. We don’t want a repeat of Ricardo, do we?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The woman nodded nervously. “No… No, of course not. I will make sure not a single Credit is out of place.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Yeah, Ricardo had been… well, foolhardy was perhaps the right word? Actually, stupidly greedy was probably more accurate. He had thought he could skim off the top without anyone noticing just because the budding government was still young and disorganized. Little had the guy known that the leader of the merchant alliance on Earth was Sultan, and when Lillian noticed discrepancies, the guy was fucked. Sultan was shrewd, so he at least knew how to take advantage of Miranda and Jake in a way that wouldn’t annoy them too much.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">This did introduce another issue: what to do with criminals? Luckily, the people from the United Tribes had some solutions there. While capital punishment was considered normal in the multiverse, it did feel like a bit much to execute anyone who committed any crimes, no matter how small. Others also had this issue, including the United Tribes, who had a solution to keep certain beasts with low intelligence penned.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">That’s right—Earth had constructed its first proper jail. It couldn’t hold C-grades or D-grades of high power, but that luckily hadn’t been necessary yet, either. They had achieved this by instructing high-level crafters to make cells that were too durable for even the average high-level D-grade to leave a dent, further improving the place with a formation that weakened and drained resources from all those within. Finally, every single <span id="page_753"></span>prisoner was magically marked to make them easier to track. With that, even if someone escaped, a C-grade guard could quite easily hunt them down.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Miranda was about to move on when Lillian tapped her on the shoulder and sent a telepathic message. <span class="class_s13">“I was just informed that a warrior found an interesting item after slaying quite a powerful C-grade.”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Having a good idea of what she was talking about, Miranda requested the hunter’s presence.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">A few minutes later, a familiar figure entered the room. A lot of slaves had come to Earth, with few standing out. This man was among the outstanding individuals who, after being freed, had willingly taken up a leadership position and become a great support for the council.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Holstred, I hear you have been hunting?” Miranda said as she smiled at the former Knight Commander-turned-slave-turned-free man.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Yes, Mistress,” he said with a bow, overly polite as ever. “I believe it would be of interest to the council to be aware that items such as these seem to have begun appearing across the planet.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Holstred held up a black token depicting a large, black pit containing a dragon. Miranda did indeed already know what it was as she Identified it.</p>
<p class="class_sba1">[Greater Nevermore Admittance Token (Unique)] – A special token that allows the user to teleport themselves and up to 99 others with them directly to Nevermore City to enter the World Wonder known as Nevermore. Nevermore consists of a number of sequential dungeons with increasing difficulty. Time is warped within Nevermore, making time pass slower outside than inside. One can only spend <span id="page_754"></span>a total of 50 years within Nevermore. This token can be reused to return the same number of people back to where they originally teleported from.</p>
<p class="class_s1dp">Requirements: C-grade.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Miranda looked at the item and smiled slightly. If those tokens had begun to drop… it appeared another influx of newcomers to Nevermore was inbound.</p>
</body>
</html>
