<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>part0026</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../page_styles.css"/>
</head>
  <body class="class4">
<div class="class_s8f1"><div class="class_s8d"><div class="class_s9"><div class="class_s10"><p class="class_s11">Chapter 22</p></div></div><h1 id="id__798_112_" class="heading_s1h">Worst Date Ever</h1></div></div>
<p class="class_s8h3"><span class="class_s16">“<span class="class_s79b">N</span></span>ow, where did you hear of the Secret Scrolls?” the Prime Consort asked with a raised eyebrow. She did not use her lie-detection skill, though.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Eh… somewhere, I think?” Jake said, a bit slurred. “People are all secretive about them…”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The Prime Consort giggled. “They are called Secret Scrolls.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Yeah, but, like… what are they? Who even decided they are secret?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The Prime Consort seemed to consider that for a moment, enjoying a moment of sobriety as she asked while using her lie-detection skill, “Let’s say the Secret Scrolls were potentially capable of weakening the Demon Lord… Would you use them if given the chance? Or allow others to use them?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake laughed. “Why would I ever want the Demon Lord to be weaker? The stronger he is, the better! Shit, if these super Secret Scrolls could make the Demon Lord stronger, it would be awesome!”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">And those were his genuine thoughts—something the Prime Consort clearly noticed, as she snuggled up to him and whispered in his ear, “Wanna see one?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake raised an eyebrow. “Really? You know where they are?”</p>
<p id="page_228" class="class_s8h2">She smiled. “Oh, course I do, silly… I helped make them.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“How can I possibly not look forward to seeing something like that?” Jake said with his own smile.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“If I show you, perhaps you can show me something of yours after?” she said, looking down.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“That could certainly be arranged.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“In that case, you just wait right here,” the Prime Consort said as she stood up.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake smiled after her as she left the room. The second she closed the door, Jake’s smile disappeared, and he looked at the wine glass she had left on the table. After not even a moment of hesitation, he activated his stealth skill and the enchantment on his cloak, then touched the wine glass as his hand began glowing dark green. Touch of the Malefic Viper was at full power as he amplified the level of toxicity—alcohol potency—within the wine. After only a brief second, Jake also did the same to his own glass, ensuring they at least had the same level of energy within them.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">While doing this, he kept track of the Prime Consort using his Sphere of Perception and even sent out a few pulses. The alcohol level within the two glasses quickly increased as he amplified it using Touch. While he had confidence in resisting any effects, he doubted the Prime Consort could, as she was already getting tipsy.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Also… yes, the messed-up implications of what he was doing weren’t lost on him, but to be fair, she was the one who’d wanted to get him drunk first. She returned a few minutes later, having gone to the underground pentagram cellar to fetch the Secret Scroll. When he saw her returning, Jake quickly stopped using his stealth skill and deactivated the cloak. Then he leaned back and just lay on the floor with a pillow under his head and eyes closed. He had to sell being plenty drunk, after all.</p>
<p id="page_229" class="class_s8h2">The Prime Consort entered the room soon after and saw him relaxing. She flashed a slightly sinister smile for a second before quickly returning to her usual demeanor. Seeing that brief smile across her face instantly made Jake aware he wasn’t the one with ulterior motives. And no, he was not just talking about trying to get the other person blackout drunk and into bed. He had a feeling she wanted something else.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Already asleep?” she asked, walking toward him.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake quickly sat back up and momentarily feigned disorientation. “Oh, no, I was just resting my eyes.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Sure.” She smiled as she showed off the scroll in her hands. Or, well, the metal tube with a scroll sealed within.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Looking at it, Jake could instantly tell opening the tube wouldn’t be easy. It looked to have some kind of locking mechanism. “Is that the Boring Scroll?” Then he grinned, trying to act the fool.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“It is indeed,” she answered as she infused some energy into the metal tube, causing seven magical circles to appear across it. The Prime Consort channeled energy into each of them in a set pattern, and as they all changed, the end of the tube opened up.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">Seems easy enough,</span> Jake thought. Perception came in clutch once more, allowing him to see everything going on with just one glance.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The Prime Consort then pulled out a scroll that looked to be made from old, golden parchment. Jake stared at it for a bit. “Looks boring, too…”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Oh, but it is just the opposite,” the Prime Consort said as she sat down beside him. “Do you know what these Secret Scrolls really are?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The lie-detection skill was activated once more.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Not really,” Jake said, shrugging.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Once again sensing that he was truthful, she gladly explained, “The Demon Lord was already powerful the moment <span id="page_230"></span>he was summoned, but he was far from invincible, as he still had to grow. We constructed what is now the Demon Lord’s castle to nurture him, then created artifacts to make him powerful enough to battle the entire kingdom… and it worked.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">She held up the scroll with clear pride. “And this… This is one of the control scrolls for the artifacts. This one controls the Heart of the Demon Lord, an incredibly powerful fire-affinity natural treasure that bathes his throne room in flames and allows him to grow far more powerful in a short span of time. Having returned, he is once more bathing in the accumulated energy that has gathered during his sealing.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Wow,” Jake said, amazed. It sounded like that artifact would add a domain of sorts that helped the Demon Lord. “What about the four other artifacts?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Four?” she giggled. “There are only two more… Well, three if we count the Sword of the Demon Lord, but that never had a Secret Scroll. No, the two others are the Armor of the Demon Lord and, finally, the Crown of the Demon Lord. Two artifacts that have also only grown more powerful in his absence.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Those all sound amazing,” Jake said, keeping up the act. “The Demon Lord must be so much more powerful now…”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Yes… indeed,” the Prime Consort said with a slight change in expression. “Now… I believe you had something you promised to show me, too?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">She leaned on him and pushed him onto the floor. He momentarily panicked, but then he saw she had done it to obscure his view of the two wine glasses. With a hand behind her back, she summoned a small pill from her spatial storage and put it into Jake’s wine glass using telekinesis. Sense of the Malefic Viper went kind of wild feeling that pill… making him aware it was quite the potent poison. A neurotoxin, as far as he could tell.</p>
<p id="page_231" class="class_s8h2">“Oh, goodness, I almost lost myself there.” She smiled flirtatiously as she looked down at Jake.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake smiled in return as she backed off, sitting up again with her. “I wasn’t complaining.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“We have all day and night.” She winked at him as she picked up his wine glass and handed it to him, its pill having entirely dissolved. Picking up her own glass, she looked him in the eyes.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake smiled goofily and lifted his glass. “Cheers!”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">She followed suit, and they both downed the wine glasses. Jake saw her wince slightly as she drank it, but she didn’t spit it out or anything.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake also didn’t show anything despite feeling a powerful toxin begin spreading through his system. It had merged with the alcohol, and it was quite a high-level toxin. It was clearly made to be hidden, and if someone already had a lot of alcohol in their system, it would bind to that, effectively making it undetectable and more potent than usual. Sadly for her, Jake did not contain a lot of alcohol, and even if he had…</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Well, it had just entered the body of the Chosen of the Malefic Viper. He quickly analyzed it and had it under control within seconds, but he didn’t dispel it; he just controlled the majority of it, allowing some to spread through his system.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Once he felt it spread further, he purposefully slouched even more and muttered, “Man, that one hit hard… My arms and legs are tingling.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">He’d been fed what was effectively a paralysis poison—one that would work fast and take away all voluntary movement without shutting down his mind and usual bodily functions.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The Prime Consort smiled. “There is one thing I didn’t quite share before… While these artifacts have strengthened, this empowerment is not active. You see, in the absence of the Demon Lord, a lot of things changed. While we do need a protector… the Demon Lord can no longer be controlled like <span id="page_232"></span>before. He was sealed, yes, and while it made him weaker, it also gave him time to develop… let’s just call it independence.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Wha are yo…” Jake said, his mouth hanging a bit as he allowed the paralysis poison to partly affect him.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“That means he is not quite as… required as before. No, we need a new Demon Lord. A better one.” The Prime Consort smiled deeply as she stood up, a bit unsteady on her feet. “You see, my specialty was never just summoning rituals. It was demonification rituals. But to do that, I need a good base. Rejoice, for I shall give you the chance to be reborn more powerful than ever. Do not worry; I shall allow you to retain as much of what makes you <span class="class_s13">you</span> as I possibly can. We wouldn’t want to risk the improved you not having that Bloodline, now, would we?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“I...” he tried as the poison spread more in his system.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Shush, do not overexert yourself. This is a good thing.” She sat down beside him and laid a hand on his chest. “You shall become the new Demon Lord… the new master of this entire domain. Of course, we will need to get rid of the old Demon Lord for that, but as I said, I made these Secret Scrolls. While the artifacts can indeed help empower the Demon Lord, they can also do just the opposite. The Secret Scrolls do not only contain the method to empower, but also a way to weaken, if not outright kill him.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake just lay on the floor, unmoving, acting utterly paralyzed. He glared up at her with angry eyes, only making her smile more as she leaned in and kissed his forehead.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Do not be angry. Once you are reborn, we will have plenty of time together, just you and I.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">He didn’t stop glaring at her.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The Prime Consort kept smiling before getting off him. After that brief movement, she held her head before shaking it. “That wine was a bit stronger than I thought it would be…”</p>
<p id="page_233" class="class_s8h2">She tried to stand up once more but briefly lost her footing, then managed to stabilize herself. Having turned her back, Jake now had the opportunity. His hand began to glow dark green as he amplified the alcohol within her body even more than before, as it now counted as “his” poison.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The Prime Consort kept trying to walk but soon wobbled and nearly fell. “Goodness…” she said before giggling.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Trying to stand up, she fell on the floor again. She tried two more times before giving up. Instead, she did a silly roll as she went back to Jake and leaned on him. “Heh… I guess we got time… All day… night… and…”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake was almost expecting a notification from killing her via alcohol poisoning, but she had only passed out. Exhaling in relief, Jake stood up and stretched, then contacted the group using his Golden Mark, not bothering to act paralyzed anymore.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“So… I have one Secret Scroll from the Prime Consort, but I did not get any information out of her regarding the location of the lost one… though I did learn something interesting,”</span> Jake shared before delivering all the information the Prime Consort had given about the artifacts.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“A way to make the final encounter either easier or harder unlocked from gathering the Secret Scrolls? That does seem to track with prior floors</span>.” The Sword Saint was even polite enough not to ask for any details about how Jake had gotten this information.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“What are the chances you can make the Prime Consort tell you about the location of the final Secret Scroll?”</span> the Fallen King asked.<span class="class_s13"> “Or did you manage to turn her into an enemy?”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Looking at her snuggling up to him on the floor, Jake wasn’t quite sure how to answer that. In the end, he just had to share the situation he found himself in.<span class="class_s13"> “Well…”</span></p>
<p id="page_234" class="class_s8h2">After he was done explaining, he expected the Sword Saint or the King to make fun of him, but it ended up being Dina, who spoke first.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“That makes no sense… A Demon Lord cannot be born from a single sacrifice, much less retain the Bloodline or any part of the personality of the sacrificed person,”</span> Dina said, poking holes in the entire narrative.<span class="class_s13"> “At most, she should be able to do a demonification ritual that will turn you part-demon, but even that would require your enthusiastic consent…”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Now, Jake could choose to make fun of Minaga for not knowing how stuff worked, but he imagined there was a better chance the Prime Consort was simply wrong or had purposefully lied to him. However, with that being the case, what would have happened if Jake had indeed been paralyzed? He asked their resident expert.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“Well…”</span> Dina muttered. <span class="class_s13">“You would just die, probably. No, definitely.”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“So, either she is a misinformed idiot who doesn’t know how the ritual actually works, or she is maliciously intending to kill me through a demonic ritual?”</span> Jake summarized. <span class="class_s13">“Well, this is officially the worst date I have ever been on.”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“You got the Secret Scroll from her, and you also learned to unlock the containers they were in,”</span> the Fallen King said.<span class="class_s13"> “That is an acceptable level of success for a date</span>. <span class="class_s13">The scroll possessed by the Guard Captain is also in a similar container, so just give me the go-ahead when it is time to retrieve it. However, we still have to find the final scroll.”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake looked at the scroll in the room and picked it up along with the container. He then lifted it up to his nose and took a whiff as he analyzed it. Feeling the energy from the container, he detected a very distinct signature. Activating his tracking, he felt for a similar signature in the Prime Consort’s residence but felt nothing.</p>
<p id="page_235" class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“Do we have any idea at all where it might be?” </span>Jake asked.<span class="class_s13"> “If I am inside the same room as the container, I am fairly confident I can find it</span>.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“None of the Mistresses I spoke with have it, so I would guess it is within the main room,”</span> the Sword Saint said.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“Alright,”</span> Jake said. <span class="class_s13">“Say, any idea what I should do with the Prime Consort?”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“Bring her to the residence of the Second Mistress,”</span> the Sword Saint answered. <span class="class_s13">“We are here, and she wants revenge, correct? At the very least, we can allow her to have the kill, which I believe could give us an achievement.”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“Good thinking,”</span> Jake said. Now he just had to figure out how to smuggle her out of the room and back to the Second Mistress. Ultimately, he took off his cloak, put the half-demon lady into it, and swung it over his back in the most cliché kidnapping imaginable.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">He thought it would be hard to sneak out, but once more, it came in handy that they had integrated themselves with all of the factions on the floor. The Fallen King diverted nearly all the patrolling guards to another area, and the Sword Saint convinced two Mistresses to go and “visit” the Prime Consort, allowing Jake to quite easily get out and back to the residence of the Second Mistress.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The guards at her residence were in full NPC mode, not even questioning Jake before they let him in.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Right inside, Jake saw that all the guards had been dismissed. His entire party, save for the Fallen King, stood just inside, along with seven women—all of the Mistresses except the two who’d gone to the Prime Consort. Upon entering, all eyes landed on him.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Did he truly?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“How…”</p>
<p id="page_236" class="class_s8h2">“Truly a master,” the Second Mistress said as all the other Mistresses admired Jake’s accomplishment.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">He dumped the unconscious Prime Consort on the ground. He had made sure the level of alcohol in her body had stayed as stable as it could by using Touch on his way there.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake nodded and wanted to question why all the Mistresses had gathered, but before that, he had just one tiny question as he looked at the Second Mistress. “Say, how come you have a Secret Scroll hidden in a secret cabinet within your house?”</p>
</body>
</html>
