<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>part0019</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../page_styles.css"/>
</head>
  <body class="class4">
<div class="class_s8f1"><div class="class_s8d"><div class="class_s9"><div class="class_s10"><p class="class_s11">Chapter 15</p></div></div><h1 id="id__798_105_" class="heading_s1h">A Different But Welcome Experience</h1></div></div>
<p class="class_s8h3"><span class="class_sub">F</span>or the first time since entering Minaga’s Labyrinth, Jake had truly met his match. Minaga had claimed Jake wouldn’t be able to “cheat” on this floor, and Jake had obviously not believed him. It wasn’t that there was no way to cheat him, just that doing it would fuck over others far too much.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Make the labyrinth randomly shuffle around to nullify Jake’s Pulse of Perception? That would make it utterly impossible to find anything and have all exploration just be pure luck—something Jake was certain Minaga didn’t want.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Make it so the rooms only revealed their contents after entering? Well, the rooms existed and weren’t generated when they entered, so this would be a huge change in how the entire dungeon worked. It would also mess with people who used more mundane skills. Minaga had even commented on Jake using tracking as a fairly legit way of finding things, so he doubted the dungeon master wanted to stop everything.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Increasing the distances to make Jake’s scanning range insufficient would also just ruin the entire labyrinth. If the only way to nerf Jake was to make things take too long, it would make all the time-based achievements useless.</p>
<p id="page_158" class="class_s8h2">Minaga did also reveal that these labyrinths were, of course, the same for everyone. Even if Minaga messed around, he still had a strong sense of fairness and cared a lot about balance. That was why he had not made any direct moves to make Jake less of a cheat, allowing him to do as he did while complaining. However, on this floor, things were different.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s15">“Do you see now? Tell me, Jake, how are you going to ruin all sense of exploration on this floor!?”</span> Minaga sounded like a true maniac.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">He had won. Jake had to face that. Staring through the now open gate leading into the labyrinth, his Pulse of Perception made it clear that he had indeed been thoroughly countered by Minaga, who’d designed this floor in a fashion he hadn’t even imagined would make sense for a labyrinth.</p>
<p class="class_sp">“You can’t, can you!? Ha ha!”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“You are an absolute madman,” Jake muttered as he stared at his mental map of parts of the floor. “How does this even qualify as a labyrinth anymore?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">What Minaga had done was indeed ingenious. He had gotten rid of all of Jake’s usual exploration advantages with one small trick:</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Not making it a labyrinth.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s15">“That’s right! Completely linear, on-rails floor with not a single ounce of exploration! Just run straight down the middle till you reach the next floor, and you’re done!” </span>Minaga laughed. <span class="class_s15">“Of course, you can also choose to stop and save the prisoners, so maybe you think you can use your cheating skills to locate them… but they are also right there, out in the open! No secrets here!”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“I am also not certain this qualifies as a labyrinth,” the Sword Saint commented.</p>
<p id="page_159" class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s15">“Alright, so I did admittedly take some creative liberties with this design, but you only see it as a problem because you view this floor in isolation,”</span> Minaga explained, sounding significantly less maniacal.<span class="class_s15"> “I see these floors as one continuous labyrinth, so even if this part is straightforward, it is only a small part of the whole</span>.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“That makes sense,” Dina said, nodding.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Ree!” Sylphie chimed in.</p>
<p class="class_sp">“See, they get it! Especially the Sylphian Hawk!”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“I guess so,” Jake muttered in response to Sylphie’s apt metaphor. She’d explained that saying this floor was not a labyrinth was like saying that if a beast in the forest had a hill as their domain, then the hill wasn’t a part of the forest anymore. This, of course, wouldn’t make sense, because while hills were not forests, hills could still be <span class="class_s13">in</span> forests. Same as a straight path could not be called a labyrinth, but a labyrinth could have parts that were straightforward.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“Rather than discuss the definition of a labyrinth, shouldn’t we proceed into the floor?”</span> the Fallen King said.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“We should,” the Sword Saint agreed.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake didn’t complain as they walked through the gate leading into a small hallway that was no more than twenty meters long before entering their first room. These hallways had extra-thick fog that not even Jake could see through in any way, and they limited movement so much that they had to just walk.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Entering the first room, Jake understood why the thick fog was there: One couldn’t just look through the fog and scout the next room… but also, whatever was on the floor couldn’t spot them before they entered.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">They found themselves standing within a large, open room more extensive than the one the Prime Summoner had been in. <span id="page_160"></span>Jake estimated it had to be at least fifty kilometers long and about ten kilometers wide, and it was filled to the brim with life.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Not the friendly kind, however, if their names were anything to go by.</p>
<p class="class_s8t1">[Demon Guard – lvl 248]</p>
<p class="class_s14">[Demon Torturer – lvl 251]</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">That’s right—they were all demons. The entire floor had a bunch of spread-out camps and villages, with one large tower at the back of the room. There, over forty-five kilometers away, was a figure sitting and meditating on a chair atop it, overlooking the entire room.</p>
<p class="class_s9j1">[Demon Warden – lvl 255]</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">If one hadn’t noticed yet, the names of all these demons had a theme of sorts. They were all guarding something. That <span class="class_s13">something</span> being large groups of people sealed within barriers in all of the camps and villages.</p>
<p class="class_s9j1">[Prisoner – lvl 175]</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake also spotted a few C-grades, but they were mostly D-grades with a few E-grades mixed in. As he scouted the room, he also noticed that this entrance area was shrouded. Based on what Jake could see, nothing could detect them ten meters from the entryway, which was the only reason no one had spotted them yet. The reason for this magic circle was also pretty obvious.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“The second we make a move… those prisoners will be in deep shit,” Jake muttered to the group.</p>
<p id="page_161" class="class_s8h2">“They appear to be kept as potential sacrifices,” the Sword Saint said.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“Which means that when we are discovered, a good portion of them will be sacrificed relatively quickly,”</span> the Fallen King said. <span class="class_s13">“So we will have to decide whether we want to save as many as possible or rush this entire floor. If we split up and secure a camp each, we should be able to ensure the twenty-five percent for the bonus objective. However, we will also need to be cautious. Any accidental attack could kill a significant portion of them, and while we may be careful, I doubt the demons care.”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Ree,” Sylphie said with a low screech.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Stealth is an option… but how many of us are good at it?” Jake asked. “I can do some stealth, but…” He looked at the others beside him.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Ree!” Sylphie said proudly.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“I think we already talked about how being hidden by giant tornadoes doesn’t count as being invisible,” Jake pointed out.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Ree?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Yes, even if the tornado prevents them from seeing anything,” Jake said with mild exasperation.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Ree…” Sylphie seemed a bit sad.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake felt somewhat bad about ruining her plan, but someone had to say it. As they were trying to figure out what to do, Dina knelt on the ground and felt the soil. That was when Jake noticed that the ground was indeed different here. Rather than the hard rock of the chamber floor, it was more like normal soil found on the outside. Looking at Dina, he realized what she was trying to find out.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Dina, what are you looking for?” the Sword Saint asked curiously.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“There are a total of fourteen barriers sealing away prisoners, right?” Dina asked.</p>
<p id="page_162" class="class_s8h2">Jake released another Pulse of Perception to scout the room and nodded. “Yeah, fourteen.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Dina nodded along. “Give me ten minutes, and I will make sure they are safe.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“You’re going to go through the ground, aren’t you?” Jake asked.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Yeah, I will create protection for them by summoning vines.” She nodded and began to infuse energy into the ground.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake noticed that the formation hiding their presence slowly faded as she did this, and he responded by creating a barrier of stable arcane energy all around them, colored the same as the background. Was this perfect stealth? No, but it appeared to be good enough, as Dina’s actions were not very flashy to begin with.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">While Dina prepared, Jake and the three others also made plans for where to strike. Their main problem was the size of the room, so they needed someone to get to the back fast, preferably before the Warden had time to make a move. Jake ended up taking this upon himself. He opened a small hole in the stable arcane barrier and snuck out, activating his stealth skill for the first time in a good while. With it, he also used something else he hadn’t really used before: his new cloak. It allowed him to better hide while in the shadows, and as luck would have it, these demons weren’t a big fan of having a lot of light around. They just used open fires everywhere, which cast plenty of shadows for Jake to stick to.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">He quite easily made it to the back of the room undetected, helped along by none of the demons really being on guard, despite being called literal Guards. The Enforcers were mainly inside buildings chilling, with the Guards just lazily patrolling about and the Torturers seemingly working on their torture tools, which none of them seemed to even use. All the prisoners <span id="page_163"></span>just stood catatonically within their sealed-off confines, waiting to be rescued. It was some real NPC behavior.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Either way, once he got to the back of the room, Jake sent a mental confirmation to the rest of the party members, all of whom had prepared to launch their own attacks. Jake had been tasked with dealing with the Warden as quickly as possible, and he had more than gladly taken that task upon himself.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Finding a good position in the shadows, Jake took out the Arrow of the Ambitious Hunter he had prepared on his way there and began charging his Arcane Powershot. He remained undetected, as the cloak hid not only his person, but even his actions and energies, as per the description:</p>
<p class="class_s1hm">“Allows the wearer to meld into the shadows when they stand still or move slowly, masking their presence and all of their actions, including energies. Improved further if already dwelling in the shadows.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake had been a bit skeptical of how well it would work and was fully prepared to be discovered instantly, but the Demon Warden remained oblivious even as someone charged an attack a few hundred meters behind him. Once Jake had fully charged the Arcane Powershot, it was time.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“Go!”</span> Jake sent through their link as he let go of the string and unleashed his attack. The second he did so, the cloak failed to suppress his energies any longer. His body exploded with arcane energy, lighting up the entire back part of the room with a pink-purple light.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">At that very moment, they all made their moves at once. In every single village or camp with prisoners, vines erupted from the ground and embraced the barriers sealing in the prisoners. Bark began to grow all over the vines to protect them further. Smaller vines also tore up the ritual circle, deactivating it and ensuring the demons could not harm any of the people within.</p>
<p id="page_164" class="class_s8h2">A giant beam of pure golden energy exploded from the entrance area of the room and struck one of the camps without any prisoners in it, resulting in a giant explosion that leveled the entire thing. A green tornado shot across the terrain towards the middle of the room, then towards one of the villages with a high prisoner population. Rain began to fall across the room’s left side as a swordsman stormed forward.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The Demon Warden—Jake’s target and the boss of this room—leapt up, alarmed at the sight of roots shooting up all over the place. He had barely managed to stand and turn before he, with wide eyes, raised a hand to try and block the arrow coming his way.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Red shards flew everywhere as the crystalline barrier shattered. The arrow sank into his chest, sending him flying backward. In mid-air, the Demon Warden managed to stabilize himself. A fist-sized hole now marred his chest, but he didn’t even have to orient himself before another shot hit him from above, launching him down toward the ground.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake had instantly jumped into the air after releasing the initial arrow to launch one at a downwards angle, grounding the Demon Warden. He proceeded to unleash a rain of arrows upon the Demon Warden, but a giant red disc blocked it and launched itself up towards Jake.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Dodging, Jake refused to let up and shot another rain of arrows. The demon once more blocked with a barrier, but all of the arrows suddenly bent and flew around it the moment they got close, hitting the boss anyway.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">With a roar, the Demon Warden flew up from below, his body filled with wounds. An inferno erupted around him as burning crystals materialized. He stared at Jake with hatred but didn’t speak as he flew forward, wanting to face Jake in melee.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake humored him as they clashed in mid-air, and it quickly became clear what he was dealing with. <span class="class_s13">A pugilist.</span></p>
<p id="page_165" class="class_s8h2">The demon covered his hands in crystal-like skin and even used the floating crystals around him to further empower his attacks or launch strikes. Sadly for the guy, Jake had fought far better… and he was not at all the same melee fighter as he had been back then.</p>
<p class="class_sbg2">Less skilled than Carmen…</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake proceeded to dodge under the hand of the demon and punch him in the stomach with a katar. He reacted by trying to kick Jake, but Jake raised his own leg to block and stabbed the demon in his already-outstretched arm. The Warden tried to pull away, but Jake gave chase and refused to let up.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">He knew he was on a bit of a timer. The death of the Warden would hopefully lead to some level of panic amongst the guards, so for the first time since entering Nevermore, Jake activated his boosting skill and got serious.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Every hit by the demon was countered as Jake focused on destroying his hands first. The crystals were strong, yes, but against his Blackpoint Nanoblade, they still faltered. The indestructible nature of Eternal Hunger also allowed him to not care about the tip breaking as he met the demon punch for punch, coming out on top every time.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Desperation from the demon began to set in. The Warden had failed to meaningfully land any blows on Jake, and the assistance he had expected to come was occupied elsewhere. Realizing this, the Demon Warden went on one last offensive, knowing that if he managed to significantly injure Jake, he would have a chance to regroup with his allies.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">That was never going to happen.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The Demon Warden exploded forward, his entire body temporarily covered in deep red spiked crystals. Jake flew to meet him, but just before they clashed, reality split.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Gaze of the Apex Hunter momentarily froze the Demon Warden. Jake slammed two Descending Dark Fangs into his <span id="page_166"></span>chest just before he was capable of moving again or using his full power on the hunter that had entered melee with him.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The Warden slammed his fists together in a giant explosion of crystals and flames, but rather than crushing the human, his fists met the shadowy curse energy of Eternal Shadow.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Still confused, the Demon Warden had no time to react before an arrow pierced his eye and embedded itself deep within his skull—fired by the real Jake, who had jumped back as he used his mythical skill.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The arrow had included all the Hunting Momentum Jake had built up during the fight, and it resulted in the arrow only stopping when it reached the back of the demon’s skull. The Warden stumbled as Jake switched the balance of the arrow, making it explode within his head.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Somehow he still lived, but Jake followed up with an Arcane Powershot, shooting the head straight off the Warden.</p>
<p class="class_s1dp">*You have slain [Demon Warden – lvl 255] – Bonus experience earned for killing an enemy above your level*</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">From there on out, it was just a cleanup of the entire room, as they decided to kill every single demon there. Hey, it had to give an achievement, right? Of course, Jake didn’t expect to get that achievement quite yet, because they had far more rooms ahead in this on-rails portion of Minaga’s Labyrinth.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Not that Jake was complaining. Also, finally getting in some pure combat was a good reprieve from just walking through hallways, and something Jake got a feeling they all enjoyed—even Dina. Surprisingly enough, there was one more person who also enjoyed it.</p>
<p id="page_167" class="class_sp">“See, this is how things are supposed to be! Through pure skill and power, you manage to overcome the floor and conquer! I knew you could do it! Definitely giving Dina MVP for this one, by the way.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“I thought you couldn’t speak while within the rooms, only the hallways?” Jake asked, still not done with the demon cleanup.</p>
<p class="class_sp">“Oh, yeah, got a bit too excited there. Act like I didn’t say anything, alright? Good not-a-talk. Minaga out!”</p>
</body>
</html>
