<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>part0072</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../page_styles.css"/>
</head>
  <body class="class4">
<div class="class_s8f1"><div class="class_s8d"><div class="class_s9"><div class="class_s10"><p class="class_s11">Chapter 68</p></div></div><h1 id="id__798_158_" class="heading_s1h">Fate Decided</h1></div></div>
<p class="class_s8h3"><span class="class_s16">“<span class="class_s79b">Y</span></span>ou know we can’t allow him to actually bring that Mimicry World Core out of that floor, right?” the Wyrmgod questioned the Malefic Viper.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Does seem kind of counterproductive if he decides to reintroduce a Karmic Plague that was wiped out a long time ago back into the multiverse,” Minaga said, nodding in agreement.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Relax—he isn’t gonna actually bring it out,” the Viper said, waving them off. “He is just going to eat it and consume all its knowledge of how to make plagues.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“And… that’s a good outcome?” Minaga said in a deadpan tone. “Totally seems like a good idea to teach him about them… especially considering his track record of always making well-thought-out decisions.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Come on… Would he really be my Chosen if he didn’t at least know how to create a plague?” The Viper smiled. “Not saying he should make one, but nothing wrong with learning how to.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“I am confident nearly every other faction in existence would disagree with that assessment,” the Wyrmgod said with a sigh.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“And I am confident at least half of those have a rule written somewhere that one of the reasons they shouldn’t fuck with me <span id="page_698"></span>is out of fear I will throw a plague at them,” Vilastromoz said, shaking his head.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Hm,” the Wyrmgod said after thinking for a while. “I will reclaim the World Core if he brings it out, but should he consume it or sufficiently alter it, I shall allow him to leave with it as long as there is no chance of reintroducing the plague.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Sounds fair enough,” Vilas said, shrugging.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Also, to be fair, I think most factions wouldn’t fuck with the Malefic Viper even without the plagues,” Minaga said. “And I do guess there is value in knowing how to make one, as there are some very interesting concepts at play. Speaking of which, seeing as you are the expert here… Would it be possible to make a plague that wipes out Bloodlines that allow those possessing them to ruin any and all interesting labyrinth experiences? Asking for a friend.”</p>
<p class="class_ssv">Just to clarify, Jake wasn’t planning some over-the-top double suicide or anything when he asked the old man to stab him. He just knew that what he was about to do wouldn’t be something he had confidence in pulling off under normal circumstances, so he decided to indulge in some clever use of system mechanics.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“You want me to trigger that defensive skill of yours that activates from a lethal blow?” the Sword Saint questioned, having quickly picked up on what he was getting at.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“Ah, that one.”</span> The Fallen King nodded in understanding, having also experienced that one himself.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Exactly.” Jake smiled. “And I reckoned that Erosion thing is the best skill to use, as it seems pretty easy to dodge compared to the slash, considering it is just one line of water. True, using the Transcendent skill may be me overestimating my durability, but I want to ensure the system will consider it a lethal blow.”</p>
<p id="page_699" class="class_s8h2">The Sword Saint considered for a moment before nodding. “Fair enough.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake thanked him and turned to his three other party members. “Better make some distance to not get hit by anything. Ah, but Dina, probably stay close. Someone might need healing. On second thought, someone will definitely need healing.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“What exactly are you planning on doing!?” the Dark Witch butted in rudely. “And what exactly did you do with the Mimicry World Core? It needs to be destroyed, or all of this is in vain… Wait, do you plan on keeping it? If that is the case, I will⁠—”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Relax, jeez,” Jake said, waving her off. “Trying to figure out a way to destroy the Karmic Plague without you dying in the process.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“I… I already told you I am fine with my fate,” the Dark Witch said dismissively. “And unless you can call down a god, do you honestly think you or anyone else here can do anything?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Eh, I tend to be overconfident and reckless, yet I still turn out to be correct and have things work out for me in the end. And my gut’s telling me I can pull this off.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Trusting your gut? Don’t be ludicrous. If the Karmic Plague is unleashed within you, death is the only outcome.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Again, show some trust here. I also know quite a bit about plagues and even Karmic Plagues. At least let me give it a shot. Worst-case scenario, you die; best-case, you survive. Doing nothing is literally the same outcome as your worst-case scenario, so why the hesitation?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Because if something goes wrong, the Karmic Plague may not be destroyed. I⁠—”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“This entire argument is getting circular and is wasting everyone’s time,”</span> the Fallen King said in an annoyed tone. <span class="class_s13">“Jake here is the Chosen of the Malefic Viper, so you should show some trust. If any C-grade can rid you of the Karmic Plague, it’s him.”</span></p>
<p id="page_700" class="class_s8h2">The Dark Witch was about to protest, but when the Unique Lifeform mentioned Jake was the Chosen, the lizard woman’s eyes opened wide. “I… I didn’t… I apologize for my⁠—”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“So you’re on board?” Jake asked. He was a bit annoyed at the Fallen King spilling the beans like that, but things were getting tedious.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“I… Yes. I shall trust you, Chosen of the Malefic One.” The Dark Witch nodded resolutely, her voice slightly cracking.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake even saw a hint of hope in her eyes, which only reinvigorated his desire to pull this off. Deep inside, he knew it didn’t really matter, as they were in a dungeon and all… but he still wanted to do it.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Great,” he said, smiling. “Now, here is my plan. While in physical contact with you, I will break the World Core inside of my stomach right as the Sword Saint hits me with a lethal blow. This will make time slow down for me as the Karmic Plague is destroyed, at which point I will manipulate the karmic energy going from within my stomach into you. Before this, I will infuse the plague within you with a toxin that will react with this karmic energy to only destroy the Karmic Plague along with the part of your soul you isolated together with it. This is still destroying the Karmic Plague, but it is more like cutting out an infected tumor before it gets a signal to spread the cancer to your bloodstream.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“I am unsure what you mean with that final analogy, but I believe I understand what you mean. Will I need to do anything?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Don’t fight back, and focus on protecting your own soul,” Jake said. “It may get hairy, and it will definitely be a thoroughly unpleasant experience.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">She nodded, and Jake motioned for her to sit down as he looked at the Sword Saint. “I will need to set up some stuff before I begin, so it may take a bit before I need you to try and kill me.”</p>
<p id="page_701" class="class_s8h2">“Happy to try and stab you through the head any day.” The Sword Saint smiled and stood to the side of Jake, making sure his stab wouldn’t also hit the Dark Witch.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake sat down with his legs crossed as the Dark Witch sat in front of him. He put both his hands on her back and subtly activated Touch of the Malefic Viper, pouring in a tiny bit of poison as he scanned her body through Sense.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">With her not resisting at all, even suppressing her natural vital energy, Jake quickly found the infected portion of her Soulshape. Her case was by far the best of anyone Jake had seen, but she was still in a precarious situation. Usually, the Karmic Plague would inhabit the entire soul, but the witch had managed to isolate it to somewhere around her stomach region. At least, most of it. Small slithers also hit other areas. Removing it would lead to some serious damage… but likely survivable.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">With intense focus, Jake did two things at once. First, he pumped more poison into the witch using Touch as he “infected” the plague. This was to offer him some influence over it as he more or less tried to usurp control over the Karmic Plague. This was sadly also where his lack of power came in.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The reason he couldn’t just destroy the Karmic Plague on his own this way was due to the innate difference in level between Jake and the creator. Had Jake been A-grade, he would’ve been confident in being able to cure her entirely without having to take any major risks or even needing something like the World Core. However, as things were, all he could do was try and nudge the destruction process in a favorable direction. Something that should be enough, if his second objective went well…</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">He needed to influence the Mimicry World Core within his stomach, which he couldn’t really do currently. Of course, Jake already knew how he wanted to do this: through Touch of the Malefic Viper. His problem was that the only skill his Palate <span id="page_702"></span>allowed him to use on a swallowed item was Cultivate Toxin, a shitty common-rarity skill.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">But… for the longest time, Jake had known that shitty common-rarity skill wasn’t really necessary. He never used it. Instead, he used Touch of the Malefic Viper for most things. So, the question was… why even keep them separate? The answer was even more obvious. He wouldn’t. And he believed that if Cultivate Toxin became part of Touch of the Malefic Viper, then Palate would allow him to use Touch of the Malefic Viper on any item swallowed.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake needed to do little more than will for a fusion as he tried to influence the swallowed World Core. It barely took any effort on his part, almost as if the system had been waiting for him to stop being a moron and just get it done, and shortly after he began, a notification popped up.</p>
<p class="class_sba1">*Skill Fusion Detected*:</p>
<p class="class_svb"><span class="class_s79f">[Cultivate Toxin (Common)]</span> <span class="class_s13">+</span> <span class="class_s79f">[Touch of the Malefic Viper (Legendary)]</span> <span class="class_s13">--&gt;</span> <span class="class_s79f">[Touch of the Malefic Viper (Legendary)] (Rarity Unchanged)</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake chose not to check out the updated description right away, as he knew it worked the way he wanted it to. He didn’t dwell on the unchanged rarity either, or the fact that he felt like he had just gotten a lot more Intelligence out of nowhere. Instead, he focused on Palate and the Mimicry World Core.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Instantly, he felt Touch activate on the Mimicry World Core, proving he had been correct. He looked within his Soulspace, observing the “stomach” of Palate and the core pulsing within as he slowly influenced it. It was naught but a slight nudge, and he felt the Karmic Plague fight back at every step.</p>
<p id="page_703" class="class_s8h2">Focusing on the core thoroughly, he put a lot of pressure on it and exerted as much control as he could. With his mind split, it was difficult, but Jake refused to back down. He knew that truly changing anything wasn’t going to happen, but as long as he could slightly nudge the plague to act differently when it encountered the other influenced plague energy within the Dark Witch, it should be enough. With a deep breath, he moved on to the next stage once he felt that trying to prime the core more wasn’t gonna happen.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">You got this,</span> he assured himself. The next part was where everything would be decided. Jake began to feel slight doubt about his plan as he slowly absorbed knowledge related to the Mimicry World Core, becoming aware that things weren’t entirely as he had hoped.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">It was true that destroying the core could be done by activating the formation on it. It was also true it would just collapse without exploding and harming anything around it. The problem was that Jake had decided to eat it… and imploding it within his Soulspace was not something it was designed to do. In fact, he couldn’t even activate it.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">So Jake decided that rather than using the built-in destruction formation, he would alter the formation on the core himself and change it from a harmless explosion to something a bit more destructive. This did still mean one thing, though: Jake would have to bear the brunt of effectively having a World Core explode within his own Soulshape.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“Be ready,”</span> Jake communicated to the Sword Saint, and the old man got in position, sword raised and all.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">He was worried about handling the fallout of an exploding core. Luckily for him, it was going to happen within his Soulspace, and as long as the resulting explosion was something he understood, he was confident in handling it. Well, having a part of him handle it, anyway. The amount of energy that <span id="page_704"></span>would be released was substantial, but Jake had an even more substantial and powerful source of pure energy he could make use of to suppress it.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Within his Soulspace, a version of Jake covered entirely in a black, shadowy aura appeared right in front of the space that occupied the stomach of Palate. It looked like a massive orb of glass with the World Core floating in the middle, yet the shadow simply stepped through this glass and entered the bubble. This version of Jake then pulled back his arm, and a katar appeared on its hand.</p>
<p class="class_sbg2">“Now.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The same moment he told the Sword Saint to attack, his Eternal Shadow stabbed the katar into the World Core, triggering its destruction.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Right as the katar pierced the core, Jake also heard the rumbling sound of Words as Power as his danger sense exploded, and a thin beam of water shot straight for his head. Both things happened within the same fraction of a second. The destruction of the core slowed down within his Soulshape, the concept of time momentarily seized.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">And seize the moment he did. Jake barely registered the notification he got upon the destruction of the core as a shockwave of ethereal energy pulsed out from within his body, slowly spreading from the confines of his Soulshape.</p>
<p class="class_s1dp">[Palate of the Malefic Viper (Legendary)] --&gt; [Palate of the Malefic Viper (Legendary)] (Rarity Unchanged)</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake ignored this one, too, as he focused on the task at hand. An invisible aura he could only sense through his sphere moved out of him rapidly, even with Moment active. It washed over the <span id="page_705"></span>Dark Witch, and instantly the Karmic Plague went haywire—or at least, it tried to.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">It tried to spread and destroy to take the Dark Witch with it, but Jake controlled it. Barely. The lizard woman’s body was ravaged internally, several parts of her literally rotting away almost instantly. Jake barely had time to react to the function of the early S-grade Karmic Plague that told it to spread and stop it from infecting her entire soul at once. Emphasis on barely.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Whipping his head back, time resumed, and Jake felt a tinge of pain as his nose was cut off, but it was nothing compared to the screech that came from the Dark Witch. Half of her stomach had rotted away, along with one of her arms and several of her internal channels. Black spots of pure rot covered her body as Dina slammed her staff down, a green veil of energy covering both Jake and the Dark Witch.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake also quickly took out a healing potion and practically forced it down the throat of the Dark Witch, keeping a hand on her to handle any fallout from the Karmic Plague that may have lingered. However, it seemed like the entire Karmic Plague had just self-destructed, consuming any part of the body and soul it had been a part of, leaving the Dark Witch with severe soul and physical damage. But… it was nothing that wouldn’t heal with time.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">As several seconds passed, all that was heard in the core room was the deep hum of the true World Core and the heaving, pained breaths of the Dark Witch. Dina was focusing as much as she could on healing, while Jake just kept staring at the Dark Witch, Sense of the Malefic Viper on full alert. The Fallen King even joined in by casting a soft golden light upon the Dark Witch, lessening her pain, from the looks of it.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Seconds kept ticking by, but no matter how much Jake searched, he couldn’t find a single trace of the Karmic Plague anywhere. Not even within any of his party members.</p>
<p id="page_706" class="class_s8h2">They had succeeded… and the Karmic Plague was gone.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The notification that came a few seconds later nearly made Jake laugh, as he had to admit he had forgotten about it.</p>
<p class="class_s9j1">Bonus Objective Completed: New Beast Alliance assisted with eliminating all Enlightened Beings in their territory. 1000 Nevermore Points earned.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">He still smiled, as the notification had pretty much served as confirmation that the chain reaction caused by the Karmic Plague had indeed led to a mass extinction of all the enlightened on the planet. An odd thing to celebrate, but something worth celebrating, nevertheless.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Are you okay?” the Sword Saint asked.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake was about to respond that the Dark Witch should be fine… but then he noticed the old man was staring at him.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake took a quick scan of himself and didn’t notice much out of the ordinary. At least, not outwardly. Looking inside his Soulspace, things were a bit messier. The stomach space created by Palate was lined with cracks, with intense curse energy lingering all over due to Jake being forced to deploy Eternal Hunger to suppress the energy backlash and avoid damaging himself.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">What’s more… the stomach was still filled with energy. It looked like an inferno was sealed within, trying to break out but luckily restrained by the curse energy, along with what was left of the stomach’s structural integrity. Jake was worried about the energy until he noticed it depleting at a noticeable pace. Some of it did leak through the cracks of the stomach, only to be instantly consumed by the curse energy.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">Seems like Eternal Hunger is having quite a feast… but it’s gonna take a while to heal Palate’s stomach space,</span> he <span id="page_707"></span>concluded as he finally returned his attention to the real world and smiled. “I’m fine. Honestly, better than I thought I would be.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">What was more important was the woman who was rapidly healing in front of him. The rotting flesh had slowly been removed or renewed, and while she still looked like shit, she was alive.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“I… I still live…” she muttered in a hoarse voice as she stared at the ceiling of the core room. Tears welled up in her eyes as she began to sob. “I live… How… I didn’t think…”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake just smiled, not saying anything as he allowed Dina to keep doing her work.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Not far away, right below the true World Core, a gate had already popped into existence, making it clear they had passed the floor. The fate of Tri-World had been decided. However, Jake wasn’t in that much of a rush, and neither were the others. For now, they just savored the moment before it was time to move on.</p>
</body>
</html>
