<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>part0011</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../page_styles.css"/>
</head>
  <body class="class4">
<div class="class_s8f1"><div class="class_s8d"><div class="class_s9"><div class="class_s10"><p class="class_s11">Chapter 7</p></div></div><h1 id="id__798_97_" class="heading_s1h">Impatience &amp; A Witch's Evolution</h1></div></div>
<p class="class_s8h3"><span class="class_sub">F</span>loors one to five had demonstrated pretty clear goals: Determine the dungeon divers’ ability to adapt to different environments and handle different enemy types. They’d also included a good deal of exploration, with a major part of each floor being the search for the exit.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Floors six to ten, on the other hand, had none of this. There were no difficult environments to adapt to, no mysteries about where one had to go, and no doubts about the objective. These five floors were all about one thing and one thing only: combat. At least on the surface.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake and the four others had appeared within the entrance area to a giant colosseum. Giant, in this case, was honestly not enough to describe the sheer size of the place, as it looked more like an entire city constructed in a donut shape with a large, open area in the middle. Entering the colosseum, their party was met by a guide who introduced them to the place and, along with the system message about the floor, told them all they had to know.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">In order to move on to the next floor, they simply had to win ten battles and thus advance to the next rank. Contrary to earlier floors, floors six through ten were connected, and all shared the same arena theme. In fact, the guide would remain the same as <span id="page_73"></span>they moved on to larger arenas and colosseums on the higher floors.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">This setup did make earning bonus points harder, as there weren’t as many opportunities for achievements and bonus objectives. On floor six, the bonus objective required them to collect an adequate amount of in-depth information on at least five of their opponents, which was another aspect these floors had that the others didn’t: the opportunity to prepare.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">It was possible to research your foes before entering the arena with them. They could discover facts about these opponents and their abilities, and since they decided to do the bonus objective on the sixth floor, they got a good idea of the scope. It was so in-depth that they even learned one of their opponents—a giant, kraken-like land monster—had an existing injury caused by a curse that they would be able to exploit. One of the battles was also against a party of five like their own. There, the Sword Saint ended up learning two of the party members used to be in a relationship. Without the girl knowing, the guy had cheated with the other girl in the party and broke it off, so if they revealed this to them before the fight, it would likely make them fight worse during the actual bout due to relationship drama.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">So… yeah. That was a thing. Anyway, Jake and the others didn’t really need any of this information; they only gathered it for the bonus objective. The floor was also made more annoying by the fact that one could only fight in the arena once a day, and before winning a fight, Jake and the others would have no idea who their next opponent was or who to collect information on. All this resulted in them taking a bit over a month to do the floor, as they had to wait for information brokers and stalk people. All in all, it wasn’t a good time. Especially when they didn’t need what they learned at all. Every single fight on the sixth floor was utterly one-sided.</p>
<p id="page_74" class="class_s8h2">The only interesting thing was the achievements. On the sixth floor, they would get a bonus of between 1 and 6 Nevermore Points for every fight based on how much the audience liked it, and from what they learned, this would be the same on floors seven, eight, nine, and ten. This meant one could double the reward for passing every floor just by being entertaining.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake and Co ended up earning 45 points total for audience satisfaction, which was still pretty good. It turned out that a lot of people loved overpowered people doing overpowered stuff to utterly dominate their foes.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Floors seven, eight, nine, and ten were just more of the same, with the arenas getting bigger, the audience growing, and more points on the line. Floor seven had the same bonus objective of collecting information as floor six, but this time, they didn’t bother to do the bonus objective. They just did their fights as fast as they could, meaning they completed their ten fights—and thus, the seventh floor—in only ten days. Potential bonus points per battle had gone from 6 to 7, with Jake and the others doing even better than they had on the sixth floor.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">They also learned that there was an achievement that gave the exact same points as the bonus objective for fighting without gathering any information, and another for completing the floor in ten days, meaning they had lost points by doing the information gathering on the sixth floor. So, yeah, they weren’t gonna do that again.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">On floor eight, they decided to test a bit and did the fights solo rather than as a group. No fight so far had been harder than the Monarch of the Skies, so they all easily swept through the battles one by one, also completing this floor in only ten days. They got 78 out of 80 points for audience satisfaction, with the Fallen King and Dina being the only ones to lose points during their solo fights.</p>
<p id="page_75" class="class_s8h2">The two were—naturally so—bullied for this as they moved on to the ninth floor. Mostly the same as before, with them once more doing the fights solo for extra entertainment value. The only fight of interest here, from Jake’s point of view, was when he faced a party that had pretty interesting synergy and used mixes of water, lightning, and earth magic to lock down and kill. Not because Jake was in any real danger, but because it was his first time trying an instantly summoned lightning bath.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">It was only when they reached the tenth floor that things changed again. This was the final colosseum, and once more, they had ten battles to finish. However, once they had completed the tenth battle, they unlocked the option to attempt a final event round, the same as on the fifth floor. This final battle would be against the current “champions” of the arena: a full party of humanoids.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Given that the levels of their opponents had increased, they decided against having anyone try to solo this final challenge. Not because they doubted that any one of them could do it, but because chances were it would take a while, and nobody wanted to wait around before moving on to later floors. Hence, all five of them entered the arena and utterly demolished the poor champions before moving on.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The constant one-day waits between fights had annoyed the hell out of Jake. Sylphie and the King also weren’t happy. Dina and the Sword Saint took it in stride, however. The Sword Saint enjoyed taking his time working on his profession by painting in between fights, and Jake learned that Dina spent their downtime tending to a garden within her spatial storage.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake also got some alchemy in, but that still left Sylphie and the Fallen King. Neither had professions, so all they could do was meditate or work on skills if they wanted to stay productive. Sylphie especially found this downtime difficult, as at least the King had lived long enough to not be bothered by the waiting. <span id="page_76"></span>Sylphie, meanwhile, was used to constantly having something to do. Ultimately, she ended up sleeping most of the time while digesting the natural treasures she had eaten.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">On the topic of the special puzzle cube that he had gotten as a gift at the Chosen ceremony, Jake held off on playing with it, as he feared he would find it too entertaining. He was confident later floors would have even more downtime or quiet periods, considering they had fifty entire years, so he would show patience and play with it when the time was right.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">After floor ten was complete, they moved on to their second city layer. Points-wise, they’d gotten quite the increase.</p>
<p class="class_s9j1">Nevermore Points: 1512</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">They had done far more achievements than on the prior floors, as the only true judgment here was how well one fought. There were far fewer hidden points to be found, which was also reflected when they reached the Leaderboards on this floor and compared their score with the current record.</p>
<p class="class_s9j1">Current Nevermore Points Record (Floors 1-10): 1650</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">While they had been 88 behind on floor five, they were now only 138 behind, which meant they’d only lost 50 more than the top team. As for how well they did in comparison to the average party… well, the gap had only widened.</p>
<p class="class_s9j1">Average Nevermore Points (Floors 1-10): 706</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">As for this second city layer, it was even less populated than the first one by quite a margin. There was simply no reason to stay there, so they quickly moved on to floor eleven and beyond.</p>
<p id="page_77" class="class_s8h2">By now, Jake and company only had one priority: reach the harder floors as fast as possible. And with that mentality, they truly picked up speed and blazed through floor after floor.</p>
<p class="class_ssv">“Is it heretical to want to rip a Chosen apart?” Miranda asked Lillian as they talked within a large tent set up near the Fort.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Probably.” Lillian shrugged. “But I would assume it can be forgiven, considering the circumstances he put you in.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Yeah, let’s go with that,” Miranda said, smiling. Looking at the map on the table in front of her, she felt pretty damn stressed. After returning to Earth, things had been much more hectic than she would have liked, but honestly, not more than she’d expected.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">One hundred and twenty million slaves. That was what she had to deal with, but at least she had been helped along by one thing: her C-grade evolution. That’s right—after returning from the Chosen ceremony, Miranda had finally chosen to evolve, and damn, was she glad she had waited, because she had a strong feeling her patience had paid off.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Her profession, at least, seemed to indicate this.</p>
<p class="class_svb"><span class="class_s15">Court Witch of the Primordial’s Chosen – It is said that behind every influential leader is a court wizard</span>—<span class="class_s15">or</span> <span class="class_s15">in your case, a court witch</span>—<span class="class_s15">offering advice</span>.<span class="class_s15"> As the foremost confidante of Jake Thayne, the Chosen of the Malefic Viper and Harbinger of Primeval Origins, you have taken upon yourself the task of operating as his liaison and right hand. Be it managing his territory, exerting his will upon the world, or simply interpreting and acting out his intent, you will find yourself well-equipped with your diverse set of skills. As your Records blend together with the Chosen and <span id="page_78"></span>you continue to walk your Path, so shall success follow as you bathe in the shadow of greatness. Be warned that should you lose the confidence of the Primordial’s Chosen, you will not escape unscathed. Stat bonuses per level: +100 Willpower, +100 Free Points.</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2">This profession was interesting and didn’t feel like a direct upgrade for the Mistress of Haven profession she’d had in D-grade. It still had many of the same aspects and was still inherently tied to Jake, but it also mixed in more aspects of who Miranda herself was. Just the fact that it was called Court Witch meant it was truly based on her and felt more personal. It had also gone beyond simply managing cities and territory, having removed the restriction of requiring her to defend the city of Haven—something she was quite relieved about, as the entire Ell’Hakan situation had put her on edge. It was honestly a miracle—or perhaps the plan of the enemy Chosen—that the city had remained under her control.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Now, after her evolution, she was only required to keep Jake confident in her… Something she had no idea how to do, and, for some reason, barely felt she even had to do. He cared for so little of what she did as long as she acted within his moral compass and didn’t do things to piss him off… Heck, she had a feeling she could dedicate the entire budget of the World Council to constructing a base on the moon, and all he would do was shrug and say “cool,” maybe even visiting for fun.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Another interesting note about this profession was how it referred to Jake. It placed side by side his roles as the Chosen of the Malefic Viper and the “Harbinger of Primeval Origins.” That the system chose to do this truly hammered home how impactful his feat of creating the True Royal had been, and the fact that everyone knew it now made the sheer level of Records matter so much more. This detail for the description was one of <span id="page_79"></span>the reasons she felt confident that evolving after the ceremony counted, as she doubted she would have gotten a profession offering 200 stat points per level—only 40 below the theoretical maximum—without it.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">As for her class, well, she wouldn’t complain about that one either.</p>
<p class="class_s9j1">Verdant Witch Sister – The Verdant Lagoon lies waiting, ready to listen to your beck and call, to consume any who dare stand in your way. Recognized as part of the coven’s sisterhood, the Verdant Witches truly view you as one of their own, and your connection to the Verdant Lagoon is more powerful than ever, allowing you to pull on powers from the ethereal domain. As a Verdant Witch, you are a spellcaster focusing on magic rituals and intricate spells, making preparation your key to victory. All who dare intrude upon your domain should tread carefully lest they find themselves swallowed by the Lagoon. Beware that should you lose the trust of the Verdant Witches and be cut off from the Verdant Lagoon, the consequences will be highly unpredictable and potentially fatal. However, if you succeed in your Path, you shall one day eternally claim a part of the Lagoon as your very own. Stat bonuses per level: +60 Will, +55 Wis, +45 Int, +30 Vit, +20 Per, +50 Free Points.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">This class was also far better than she had in any way expected. 260 stat points per level was considered really good, even if it wasn’t absolutely top-tier.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Miranda hadn’t had the best profession or class in F-grade, average or maybe slightly above average in E-grade, good ones <span id="page_80"></span>in D-grade, and now pretty excellent ones in C-grade. She knew that compared to someone like Jake, she still fell behind, but with every step, she was slightly closing the gap. One could get far, far more stat points in C-grade than all the grades before it combined—and even more so in B-grade, A-grade, and S-grade. It was possible to close the gap, with earlier disadvantages—and advantages—in lower grades mattering less and less as one progressed further.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">When it came to the class itself, this one had naturally come due to her connection with the Verdant Witches. The fact that they had included her in important meetings, asked for her advice on how to “keep Jake happy,” and treated her like more than just a D-grade had led to this being offered. It indicated that she was moving at least a little closer to being considered an equal of the Godqueens. She still had a long way to go, but at least it was something.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">As for what the class gave her, it was a bit more complicated. During her time with the witches, Miranda had learned that the Verdant Lagoon was a bit more than simply their divine realm. True, it was also their divine realm, and they had even created it, but the place had grown to resemble something greater. A conceptual existence, almost, that one could call upon. Maybe it was because they were witches, but even if they were “only” Godqueens, they were considered borderline invincible if one dared intrude upon their realm. A verdant witch like Miranda also pulled on the Verdant Lagoon and its mystical powers, allowing her to display feats above what she should actually be capable of, and if she became a god, a part of the Lagoon would come to be within her own divine realm, independent yet linked to the same concept utilized by the Sisters of the Verdant Lagoon.</p>
<p id="page_81" class="class_s8h2">All this is to say that her class was damn good, and Miranda was already working on better securing Earth by making use of it.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Anyway, her evolution had been done after the ceremony partly because it was time, and partly because she would need it to deal with what was to come. The slaves had not yet begun arriving—not only due to Miranda and Lillian stopping it, but also because it took the many factions time to set everything up.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">As for why Miranda had stopped it… Well, quite a few reasons. First of all, getting accommodations for over a hundred million people was difficult, especially when one factored in that a lot of them would be lower grades that still needed food and whatnot. Seeing as they didn’t want to treat them badly, they also needed proper housing.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Then there was convincing the World Council that having them come was fine. Arthur had been receptive so far, but convincing him that bringing over a hundred million slaves wasn’t some invasion-level event wasn’t easy. She needed him on board to avoid widespread panic.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Oh, yeah, and they would also soon host representatives from the United Tribes. Those guests would require wholly different accommodations.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Did Miranda mention the issues popping up from the Fallen King effectively abandoning his domain, and the Sky Whale being busy dealing with that?</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">And the growing fanaticism spread by Felix after his return?</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Miranda was still staring down at the map of the camp they were constructing to receive all the slaves when Lillian pointed something out.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“I heard that quite a few races don’t get along together, so would it be a good idea to avoid mixing the beastkin, humans, elves, and whatnot? Build natural dividers?”</p>
<p id="page_82" class="class_s8h2">“Oh… Oh, yeah, that too,” Miranda said, nodding. “Lillian, why did I agree to this job, again?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Because you are ambitious and, even if you don’t want to admit it, greedy for power and influence, and you recognize that riding Lord Thayne’s coattails is beneficial to achieving these goals?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Miranda nodded again. “Right, right. Silly me.”</p>
</body>
</html>
