<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>part0054</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../page_styles.css"/>
</head>
  <body class="class4">
<div class="class_s8f1"><div class="class_s8d"><div class="class_s9"><div class="class_s10"><p class="class_s11">Chapter 50</p></div></div><h1 id="id__798_140_" class="heading_s1h">Third Phase!</h1></div></div>
<p class="class_s8h3"><span class="class_s8h1">J</span>ake’s eyes slowly adjusted as he sent out a Pulse of Perception, trying to get a read on what exactly Minaga had done when he exploded the giant orb. What met him was a mental image he had not seen coming.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The entire room, outside of the now mostly bare floor, was gone, with even the tiles having disintegrated from the odd shockwave. The walls and ceiling had been blasted apart, leaving large platforms floating all around them in empty space.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Indeed, that was all Jake saw beyond the central platform and the many floating pieces of debris: empty space. The environmental mana had also changed significantly, feeling far emptier. Hollow. Nearly all of the affinities were gone, leaving them only with pure mana.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">As his eyes slowly adjusted, he noticed how much darker it had gotten. When they finished adjusting, he finally got a good understanding of what had happened.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake and company found themselves floating on a large stone platform in the middle of space, the surrounding stars giving off little light. The only physical objects other than the large stone platform were the broken parts of the walls and ceiling that had <span id="page_510"></span>survived the giant orb’s explosion, now floating all around them, suspended in space due to gravity’s shift.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The orb had been made solely to blow up the room without affecting Jake and the others. It was just a fancy way to introduce the arena where the final phase would take place.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">As for Minaga himself, he was floating on a small platform right in front of them, both staves ready.</p>
<p class="class_sp">“Let us have this final fight amongst the stars! Come, challengers, and face me in my most powerful state! Okay, my most powerful state within the C-grade portion of Nevermore, anyway. Wait, also outside of that special lesson with the old swordsman. Ignore those. This is my most powerful state nevertheless!”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">As they stared up at the Unique Lifeform, Jake had a premonition.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“He is going to use more… complicated forms of magic now,”</span> Jake sent through the Golden Mark, warning the others.<span class="class_s13"> “At least space magic, but probably also other kinds</span>.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">None of them seemed surprised, as there had to be something different about this final phase. Jake experienced an odd mix of emotions: He wanted to see what Minaga was now capable of, but he also wanted to win.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake smiled as he looked tauntingly at Minaga, getting a grin in response.</p>
<p class="class_sp">“Now, let us begin!”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Minaga’s words became the starting shot. Jake’s body began to glow with power, his aura heightening, and he instantly understood there was more to this phase than just more complicated magic.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The Unique Lifeform had finally used his own boosting skill.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake instantly retreated. The Sword Saint did the same, followed by Dina as she healed him. The Fallen King, despite being damaged, dove forward. Considering his boosting skill <span id="page_511"></span>was fully active from the get-go, he seemed keen to get into the action. Sylphie followed suit by circling around their foe, waiting for an opening.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Smiling, Minaga stomped his foot. The platform below him cracked as he kicked off it, all of the stone catching fire and shooting towards the Fallen King. He blocked it with a barrier in front of him, but Minaga had already released another attack before the King had time to react. This one struck from above, completely avoiding the summoned barrier. Dozens of ice shards fell upon the Unique Lifeform.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Minaga was about to do more when an Arcane Powershot struck him, forcing him to retreat slightly. Jake did not let up, shooting and making full use of the wide-open space. He had already found his way to some of the debris, using it as a foothold while shooting.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s15">“You really are the biggest threat… or maybe just the most annoying,”</span> Minaga said, praising Jake. At least, he saw it as praise.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The Unique Lifeform spread out his arms, and Jake suddenly felt that the stars above shone brighter than a moment prior. He jumped when he felt a sense of danger, and just in time. A beam descended from above, obliterating where he had just been standing.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Using a hand motion, Minaga made the stars above shift. Jake was still staring as what looked like a bull formed via Minaga’s drawn lines, and the entire figure began to glow. Sylphie tried to stop Minaga, but he teleported—meaning space magic was now also on the table—and appeared too far away for any of them to interfere.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Up above, the constellation flashed one final time before moving. For a brief moment, Jake felt like the constellation was connected to a higher concept—one far beyond anything in a C-grade dungeon. It was gone as fast as it came, but Jake had used <span id="page_512"></span>Identity on the constellation on instinct… and he was not sure if he regretted that decision.</p>
<p class="class_s9j1">[Eldenstar Bull Monarch – lvl ????]</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">He saw this Identify result only for a brief second. Then it suddenly changed, and even his system log was no longer the same.</p>
<p class="class_s9j1">[Sign of the Bull – lvl 260]</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The beast broke out of the stars above and descended upon them. Its body was made up entirely of stars, giving it an ethereal appearance. The power it radiated was also not to be underestimated, especially if one considered it some kind of summon.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">This beast flew straight down at Sylphie, space seeming to warp around it. Minaga also quickly began moving again as he pointed his staff towards Jake. Stepping down, Jake teleported away just in time. All the debris around him flew toward where he had just stood, forming a solid ball of stone. <span class="class_s13">Gravity magic?</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake also had to dodge this solid ball when Minaga threw it at him. High above the platform, Sylphie had engaged this Sign of the Bull monster. The beast used some kind of astral magic to warp space and make small stars appear, which it then exploded to dispel Sylphie’s wind. Sylphie did not want to see herself outdone, though, as she began to tear into the creature of stars. It seemed very effective, too, as the winds alone seemed to almost destabilize the constellation’s form.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Why or how it was so effective, Jake didn’t know… but then again, Sylphie’s Sylphian Winds were weird.</p>
<p id="page_513" class="class_s8h2">Back with Minaga, the Fallen King had shrugged off the ice shards and engaged again. Golden blasts lit up the darkness of space, blocking out the lights of the stars as Minaga summoned a dense barrier to block. The golden waves rolled over it as Minaga lifted his hand.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Space shook as one of the staves appeared. The staff shone and warped reality around it, itself warping in turn as it took on the appearance of a spear and lightning bolts flew from its form. A golden hammer soon descended, but Minaga had already teleported once more, appearing above the middle of the platform. He floated and grasped his staff, ready to throw it.</p>
<p class="class_sp">“Dodging this one is heavily recommended.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">He was looking straight at Jake, but he was ready. So was the Fallen King. Problem was… there was no sense of danger. Jake’s intuition screamed, and he reacted.</p>
<p class="class_sbg2">“Dina, watch out!”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Minaga twisted his body mid-throw, the spear of lightning flying past Jake and the King—straight for Dina, who had retreated with the Sword Saint to heal him.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake’s warning allowed her to respond just in time, and she acted without hesitation. Her form exploded in green light as a projection of a grand tree appeared above her, Dina herself standing within its trunk. It shielded both her and the Sword Saint when the spear hit the translucent projection of the tree, only slightly embedding itself before the lightning was absorbed.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s15">“So you have learned a bit from that old tree!”</span> Minaga grinned.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Dina had also changed as she cast this spell, her small antlers growing and clothes shifting. She had entered her most powerful form, putting them on even more of a timer.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The Sword Saint stood beside her, looking apologetic. However, he did seem to be in way better shape than when <span id="page_514"></span>they’d first entered the room. The blast of intense life energy was no doubt also doing him good.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Dina seemed less than happy with being forced to activate her form change. She pointed her staff at Minaga’s, which was stuck in the bark of the projected tree. Roots shot up and coiled around it, dragging it into the ground and effectively sealing it away.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s15">“Now that is just petty.” </span>Minaga shook his head and flew to the side to avoid a golden blast and a Splitting Arrow.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">At least, he <span class="class_s13">thought</span> he had avoided the attacks. They flew straight past him and hit the Sign of the Bull that Sylphie was fighting, blasting it back and allowing Sylphie to land a solid blow of her own. Minaga saw this and cursed to himself a bit. He began flying upwards to help the beast, but Jake and the Fallen King had resumed their attacks, forcing him to respond.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">He dodged all the attacks by flying through the air and deflected a few arrows with his staff. Exactly three seconds after he had thrown the lightning spear, he teleported away when Jake and the Fallen King managed to pincer him.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“Three seconds between the big spells and more magic,”</span> Jake said, sharing his thoughts with the group. <span class="class_s13">“Or it may be a trick… Either way, it could be an opportunity.”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2">With his magic back, Minaga went on the offensive. The Fallen King and Jake found themselves heavily pressured while Sylphie slowly took the lead above. Meanwhile, the Sword Saint and Dina prepared themselves to rejoin the fight. The projected tree was still there, and Dina had briefly shared through the Golden Mark that she could not move or do any long-range magic with the skill active.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">A projected tree that didn’t allow you to move? Very thematic. From the looks of it, Minaga knew this was the case, too, as he went after the Fallen King hard. The Unique Lifeform had already been damaged after the second phase, and now he <span id="page_515"></span>was even worse off. Dina’s quick healing simply wasn’t enough, and with how much stronger Minaga was now, Jake could not turn the tide.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Ice and rock shards cut into the Fallen King as he retreated and summoned a barrier, only for a burning ray of condensed light to descend from above and burn into his shoulder. A third follow-up attack sent a plane of pure space magic barreling into him, blasting him into the stone platform below and creating a small crater.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Before the Fallen King could get up, the stone around him warped, creating a small mound to temporarily seal him in.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Minaga raised his hands and gathered energy. Jake instantly recognized the signs of a big spell being cast, and he tried to help with Gaze and a Powershot, but it only delayed Minaga slightly; he simply tanked the arrow, accepting the wound in exchange for potentially finishing off one of his opponents.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake felt the Fallen King’s intention to try and land his final trump card through the Golden Mark. Yet just as he was about to, another figure rejoined the fight.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Thrown by a massive vine and surrounded by dense life magic, the Sword Saint flew straight for Minaga. Jake saw the light gathering far up in the sky, the faint projection of a moon appearing just as overcast skies blocked out its light.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The old man turned younger for a moment as he appeared right in front of the Unique Lifeform and drew his blade.</p>
<p class="class_sp">“Glimpse of Spring: Stormcut.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Space momentarily shattered, melting the barrier of spatial magic summoned by Minaga like butter. A large crescent wave spanned the horizon as blood spewed into the air, and the aura of the moon above faded away.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Minaga was sent stumbling back with a massive wound running from his shoulder to his hip—the kind that would have had guts spilling out of a lesser being. Minaga swiftly responded <span id="page_516"></span>by dragging a burning hand across his own chest, cauterizing the wound.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s15">“Man, that one was a lot stronger than what you used against the Demon Lord… Why did I agree to give you a lesson, again?” </span>Minaga teleported away from Jake’s attempt to follow up. Jake was totally fine with that, as he knew one of the Sword Saint’s weaknesses with the Glimpse of Spring was that he could not move immediately after using it. At least, not very well.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s15">“Good cut, though,” </span>Minaga said, grinning. <span class="class_s15">“Does make me wonder… Why is it only a glimpse?”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The Sword Saint still looked tired, regardless of healing, yet he smiled. “Perhaps you will find out.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s15">“Making me all excited here,” </span>the Unique Lifeform said, laughing in between dodging attacks from Jake.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Down below on the platform, Dina’s skill that had left her rooted—pun intended—expired, and she rushed over to the Fallen King, who had managed to break out of his tomb of stone. She instantly went to work with her healing, and the Unique Lifeform took out one of his golden soul pellet-things that he used as improved potions.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">In the sky, Sylphie was swiftly gaining the upper hand, her Sylphian Winds seemingly countering the constellation beast quite nicely. Once she was done, she would rejoin the fight against Minaga, and with the Fallen King and Dina also there, Jake saw their chances as good.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The only negative was that time wasn’t on their side. Everyone besides Jake and Sylphie had their boosting skills going at full power now, and while Minaga also had one active, Jake suspected he would outlast them. It was also only a matter of time before Jake and Sylphie had to go all-out.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">They all knew this, which was why they moved in unison to strike at Minaga while they could. The four of them pressured <span id="page_517"></span>the Unique Lifeform, and Jake had to admit the old man surprised him.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">If the Sword Saint had one major weakness, Jake would say it was his defensive profile. He’d used that weird painting once, but in most cases, he could only use his sword or weak water barriers to block attacks. That was still the case… but his way of doing it now felt different.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Minaga shot off turbulent waves of unstable space, making reality crack in their wake, but the Sword Saint some-fucking-how managed to slice through them, dispersing their magic. He even cut a blast of wind apart, making it scatter harmlessly around him. Whatever the hell had happened during that “lesson” of his had made him come out… sharper? Like the power of every cut had become stronger in some odd way.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Soon enough, the constellation beast was slain by Sylphie, at which point she dove down and joined the assault. Defensively, Minaga proved a lot better in this final phase, as he liberally teleported around and used spatial barriers, but he was still only one being against five. When it was just two or even three of them, Minaga had the upper hand, but by now, they knew not to get separated and always covered each other.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Minaga slowly took on wounds, while Jake and company managed to come out mostly okay if one didn’t consider their stamina and mana draining fast. Dina, in her transformed state, was a wellspring of life, healing them passively while offering purely defensive assistance to ensure no one took a bad hit.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The Sword Saint even covered the stars above with a cloud that made rain fall upon the battlefield at all times. Things weren’t looking good for Minaga as he was repeatedly pushed back.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The brawl continued until the Sword Saint broke a space barrier and allowed Jake to land a well-charged Arcane Powershot, sending the Unique Lifeform barreling back.</p>
<p id="page_518" class="class_s8h2">As Sylphie flew in to follow up, Jake saw Minaga smile.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“Sylphie, get ba</span>⁠<span class="class_s13">—”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2">It was too late. Minaga turned towards Sylphie, a black cube appearing in his hand. The hawk tried to avoid it, but he threw the cube like a baseball, and despite Sylphie’s wind blade and Green Shield, she was hit. The moment before the cube struck her, it expanded to swallow Sylphie. The cube then continued in its thrown trajectory, the hawk nowhere to be seen.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s15">“One down,”</span> Minaga said, smiling as he pushed his hands together. <span class="class_s15">“And do you know what time it is?”</span> While Jake communicated with Sylphie, who seemed trapped within some odd space, Minaga spoke again.<span class="class_s15"> “It’s labyrinth time!”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2">With those words, dozens of black cubes of shifting space appeared all around him, flying toward Jake and the others at unprecedented speed. They were all ready… until the cubes suddenly began teleporting. The Fallen King was not fast enough; a cube appeared right in front of him, swallowing him.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The Sword Saint dodged two, but a third one came from an odd angle after flying out of a portal behind him, and when he turned and tried to cut it apart, he was simply swallowed along with his sword.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Dina blocked nearly a dozen of the cubes with vines and blasts of life energy until one managed to swallow her, too.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Through Sylphie, they quickly became aware of what these cubes were:</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Spatial labyrinths.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Small, self-contained labyrinths you would have to break out of to escape. They were small, but… who knew what Minaga could do with even a minute of no interference? Clearly, it would be best for at least one person not to get trapped.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">This brings us to how Jake reacted.</p>
<p id="page_519" class="class_s8h2">More than a hundred cubes came for him—far more than any of the others—teleporting and shifting as portals appeared to spew them out.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">He proceeded to dodge every single cube as they flew past him, continuing into the darkness of space along with the four that contained his party members.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The Unique Lifeform had raised his staff and seemed to be casting something when Jake looked his way mid-dodge. Minaga made eye contact and stopped casting.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s15">“Yeah, good point; I won’t ever get it off. Oh, well. I guess this is also a valid option.”</span> Minaga pulled the staff that Dina had tried to seal out of the ground below, and his other one appeared, too.<span class="class_s15"> “Let’s see if you can hold out till the help arrives. Very in character, by the way. Refusing to do my labyrinths even now.”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Hey, not my fault tha⁠—”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">A beam of light shot at Jake, forcing him to dodge as space around him seemed to bend. He blasted himself to the side using mana to avoid having his face blown off.</p>
<p class="class_sp">“Oh, no, you won’t get me monologuing to buy time!”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">I wasn’t trying to…</span> Jake thought, longing to defend himself as he desperately tried to dodge. As he realized there was no space to hesitate anymore, his body exploded with power. Arcane Awakening fully activated as he prepared to face off against Minaga in his most powerful form alone.</p>
</body>
</html>
