<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>part0066</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../page_styles.css"/>
</head>
  <body class="class4">
<div class="class_s8f1"><div class="class_s8d"><div class="class_s9"><div class="class_s10"><p class="class_s11">Chapter 62</p></div></div><h1 id="id__798_152_" class="heading_s1h">An Inspirational Experience</h1></div></div>
<p class="class_s8h3"><span class="class_s16">“<span class="class_s79b">T</span></span>here was much debate whether we should include this example of a Karmic Plague within the dungeon, but ultimately we agreed it would be for the best,” the Wyrmgod explained to the Viper as they observed the slaughter going on in the Enlightened Republic. “Many mortals don’t even know about them these days, so this can serve as… What did you call it? A public service?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Yeah, definitely a good idea to teach the masses. I can attest to how horrible those things are.” Minaga shuddered. “I lost quite a few clones to plagues throughout the ages. I insisted we got the most insidious kind while also allowing it to serve as a nice mental screening of anyone who does the floor.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“You are still doing all that, huh?” the Malefic Viper said. “I take it Umbra continues to pay well?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“We can’t reveal privileged information about what we do with the data of Nevermore attendees,” Minaga said, waving him off with a smile.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The Viper shook his head, not bothering to argue. Combat information was usually difficult to come by, and it was a bit of an open secret that you could obtain some intel and potential <span id="page_633"></span>recordings from Nevermore if you were in good enough standing and had the funds. Two criteria the Court of Shadows easily met.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Oh?” the Wyrmgod said after a few hours of silence. He turned his gaze to Minaga. “Another flawless completion of floor forty?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“I don’t wanna talk about it,” Minaga grumbled.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Ah… I see… Quite a group, indeed.” Throwing a glance at the Viper, the Wyrmgod noted, “One of them appears to be from the same planet as your Chosen, too.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Between Minaga looking annoyed and the timing of it all, Vilastromoz had a very good idea of what party it was. He also understood Minaga’s annoyance… for those who had embraced the powers of the void were truly annoying.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The Wyrmgod waved his hand, and another screen appeared, showing some clips from the battle. An impressive showing, if Vilas said so himself. Beings who were blessed by Void Gods were always interesting and powerful creatures—at least, those that managed to stay sapient. This party was definite proof of that.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">A corrupted elf that could heal by removing the very concept of the person having even taken damage. A cyclops with chains that appeared unbreakable, managing to seal away even Minaga’s magic for several seconds at a time while landing incredibly powerful physical blows.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The corrupted shapeshifter, with its many faces in flux, was also incredibly unique, somehow seeming to contain far more souls than a single being. All bound together by the void into one Truesoul, which allowed it to fill its vessel anchored to reality with one soul at a time, effectively changing stats and likely even skills, making it an incredibly versatile creature.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">When it came to the Void Shade—the most “normal” creature in the group—this one was still quite a specimen. An incredibly powerful caster and assassin both, able to merge into the gap <span id="page_634"></span>between space itself. This was the kind of creature that came to be when something truly became stuck between a state of life and death, and through that, embraced the emptiness of the void. Void Shades were creatures that would cease to be if they ever lost their Blessings, which was why they were regular agents of the Void Gods.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Finally, there was the human scientist. All of the others were beings made for combat and personal survival. Apex creatures of slaughter and destruction that could strike fear into nearly any being around their own level. This human was quite the opposite. His body was weaker than any of the others, not even reaching the level of other low-tiers of similar levels. In fact, when it came to any combat situation, he seemed relatively useless. He was a craftsman and a creator, but such skills would not save someone when in a direct confrontation. His mind would not save him from a descending blade.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Yet one had to remember… he was blessed by Oras. Not all Void Gods were equal, and the reason the others seemed to view him as their leader was precisely due to the one who blessed him. Oras the All-Seeing, Oras the Eyes of the Void. Out of all the Void Gods, he had the strongest connection to the world outside of the void due to his gaze being able to pierce the veil separating the void and reality, making him an incredibly respected figure. For someone recognized by Oras, excellence was the baseline, and the human did not disappoint.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The moment he appeared on the fortieth floor and the fight was about to begin, the Viper saw what the human planned to do. Vilas could only flash a small smile as the scientist summoned a golem before his entire body flashed out of existence.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Vilastromoz saw it clearly. His soul became one with the machine in a fashion that reminded the Viper of how the automata gods operated. His soul was primed to be hidden <span id="page_635"></span>within a pre-prepared core of the golem, while the human himself resided elsewhere—within the nothingness of the void.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">His weak body was entirely hidden, and the only way to force him out was to destroy the core of the golem, which had a design reminiscent of the Altmar golem. To make matters more extreme, when Minaga was about to finish his speech, two more golems appeared. The Malefic Viper saw they were all linked through one mind controlling all three at once like puppets, and when the fight truly began, he did not doubt more mechanical constructions would appear.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">What’s more… this link the human had created was extended. It did not just link together the scientist’s machines but all of his party members, allowing them to nearly operate as one being, independent yet guided. There even appeared to be some level of resource sharing with his party members. When the fight began, Minaga was instantly pressed, and while the party did face trouble… they ended up doing the entire event more cleanly than Jake and his group had, if only by a little. It was also significantly less flashy, which wasn’t surprising, considering void magic wasn’t exactly synonymous with colorful.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Impressive,” the Malefic Viper said upon seeing the recording. “Definitely contenders for some of the top ten spots. I guess quite a few figures are.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“In the end, it shall come down to the Challenge Dungeons for the very peak… As always,” the Wyrmgod said.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The Viper had great confidence Jake would do well with those.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“So… to talk about something more fun, do you think Jake will do a planetary sacrificial ritual?” Minaga asked with genuine curiosity, clearly also more than happy to change the subject away from the void-touched. Again, understandable. Based on <span id="page_636"></span>the clips of the fight, it had been an infuriating experience for the Unique Lifeform.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Perhaps, perhaps not,” Vilastromoz said with a smile, enjoying seeing Minaga not having his curiosity satisfied.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Manually slaying every single infected being is not feasible unless they want to spend the next many years on floor forty-one,” the Wyrmgod chimed in. “I do reckon that a planetary sacrificial ritual is on the table if your Chosen is well-practiced in the art, though it depends how they wish to approach the end of the floor. I believe we will have to see if they want to make use of the other methods provided by the floor. They are very much open to creative solutions.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Are you insinuating my labyrinth didn’t have a lot of creative solutions?” Minaga questioned.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Yes, naturally, it was very limited,” the Wyrmgod said. “Your desire for control over scenarios and the inability of the system to offer assistance through skills make any and all floors you create inherently limited. Moreover, you made a labyrinth. Labyrinths having too many creative solutions at once would be bad design.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Wow, just calling me out like that in front of our mutual friend,” Minaga grumbled. “Look at Jake; he is a way better friend. He knows about the Viper’s relationship with this little plague thing, right?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“He does, indeed,” the Viper said, nodding. The books he had given Jake were very much restricted knowledge, after all, and had things in them that only a few gods were even aware of.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“And yet he hasn’t shared it with everyone… How nice of him,” Minaga said, shaking his head as he turned his attention back to the screen showing what was going on in Jake’s dungeon instance of Tri-World.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Vilastromoz smiled wryly. Yeah, that was pretty nice of Jake, as it would be problematic if that knowledge spread too much. <span id="page_637"></span>In hindsight, he maybe shouldn’t have given Jake access to restricted knowledge so freely, but… eh, it was probably fine.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake had definitely also figured out by now that the Karmic Plague seen on Tri-World was a strain originally created by Eversmile as part of an experiment… and that the Malefic Viper had been a consultant on that project, with Eversmile cashing in a favor to make him help.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">But who could blame him for asking the Viper? Who was a better consultant than the original creator of plagues?</p>
<p class="class_ssv">Jake wasn’t sure how to feel when he stood far up in the sky and looked at the ruins beneath him. Not a single other living being was anywhere in sight, and every powerful person in the Enlightened Republic was dead. Most hadn’t even been a threat… but this was a purge. Be they Lord Protectors, military personnel, or random squad leaders, all had been wiped out. Even the citizens who had survived becoming collateral damage were gone.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">Is this my first time doing a full-on massacre like this?</span> he questioned himself.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Sure, there had been the Deepdwellers in the dungeon near Haven and probably a few other instances of Jake killing a lot of creatures of the same race in a limited area, but destroying an entire capital city like this still felt different.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">What’s more… it had been so effortless, to a disturbing degree.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">He sighed as he condensed an orb of destructive arcane mana and sent it flying downward to clean away the rubble, preparing for what he’d have to do later. The second it hit the ground, it created a massive explosion that consumed most of the city remnants below him. It then continued to expand, its <span id="page_638"></span>destructive arcane energies annihilating anything it got close to, creating a massive crater.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">It was an odd feeling he rarely reflected on, but being able to casually create an orb of mana with more destructive potential than a nuclear bomb was just something he and other C-grades around his level could do. Jake rarely, if ever, did so, because there was truly no need for it under normal circumstances. Large-scale attacks were a waste of energy and often far less potent, as the intensity of the energy that hit your enemy would be wasted on just destroying the environment. Yet he had to remember that he could. Sure, an attack like the orb he’d just made wouldn’t even injure anyone he considered worth fighting, even if he hit them point-blank, but if he wanted to wipe out a lot of weaker people… it was incredibly effective.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">For a long time, Jake had wondered exactly how the Malefic Viper had managed to wipe out all life on a planet while still in C-grade, but he now understood why. Given a lack of foes capable of challenging you, it was just a matter of spending enough time on the task.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake tried to shake the thought out of his head as he turned to his notifications and saw the expected flood. Hundreds of thousands. The majority, he really didn’t wanna see, so he filtered out all but three.</p>
<p class="class_sba1">*You have slain [Lord Protector of the Enlightened Republic – lvl 291] – Bonus experience earned for killing an enemy above your level*</p>
<p class="class_sww1">*You have slain [General of the Enlightened Republic – lvl 271] – Bonus experience earned for killing an enemy above your level*</p>
<p class="class_sww1">*You have slain [Ranger Commander of the Enlightened Republic – lvl 278] – Bonus experience earned for killing an enemy above your level*</p>
<p id="page_639" class="class_sww1">*’DING!’ Class: [Arcane Hunter of Horizon’s Edge] has reached level 226 - Stat points allocated, +50 Free Points*</p>
<p class="class_sww1">*’DING!’ Class: [Arcane Hunter of Horizon’s Edge] has reached level 227 - Stat points allocated, +50 Free Points*</p>
<p class="class_swy1">*’DING!’ Race: [Human (C)] has reached level 227 - Stat points allocated, +45 Free Points*</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake read them through while flying a good distance away from the capital, away from all the destruction, and looked for a nice place to take a breather. He soon came across a forest, where he promptly landed and found a clearing to relax in. After a quick pulse to confirm there were no threats, Jake sat down and deactivated his Arcane Awakening, feeling the wave of weakness wash over him.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The fight with the Lord Protector and Ranger Commander hadn’t been incredibly difficult, but it also hadn’t been overly easy. Both had been a lot higher in level than him, and their pure stats were nothing to scoff at. The power of their attacks had been more than enough to severely threaten him, but it was clear they’d had severely limited experience fighting life-and-death battles with people of nearly equal power.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Had they actually known how to fight properly, Jake would have had a far harder time and probably just fought them all with the party, but… they had sucked. Well, the Ranger Commander had actually been kind of okay, and Jake had gotten some inspiration from some of her skills, which also made him realize something else.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">He seriously hadn’t fought a lot of archers, had he? Were archers rare in the multiverse or something? He had faced so damn many with other weapons—even the bloody space mage <span id="page_640"></span>using a sword—which had helped him with his melee skills and learning from the fights, but, yeah, not really any archers.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">As he sat there thinking to himself, he also quickly checked in with his four party members to see how things were going on their ends. To the surprise of no one, they were all just traveling to their destinations with weeks, if not months to go before they would arrive. The planet was ultimately pretty damn huge, and they had to travel from deep within the Enlightened Republic. Well, former Enlightened Republic.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">That left him with some time to recover fully, ponder a bit on archery stuff, and look through the capital for anything of value. Maybe even clues about the Karmic Plague. He didn’t want to get his hopes up, but it was his plan for now. The Sword Saint would handle the Risen while the Fallen King took on the beastfolk, with Sylphie and Dina going to where the fourth faction had once been located.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The territory of the witch’s faction was marked on the map, making them all certain that the place held some meaning or clues to handling the Karmic Plague. Jake didn’t believe that wiping out the entire population manually was the go-to method for this floor, nor did he believe that a sacrificial ritual was the only way to go. No, the floor had to have some methods built in.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Sitting in meditation, Jake further pondered on potential solutions to the floor before switching to replaying the fight with the Ranger Commander in his head. That she was the last of his kill notifications was no coincidence, as Jake had fought her longer than necessary in order to bait out all of her skills.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake was the kind of person who didn’t learn much about combat from reading books or being taught, but instead did best with some live demonstrations. The only other archer he had really ever seen fighting was Maria, but her Path was far too intertwined with using fire magic in everything to help Jake much.</p>
<p id="page_641" class="class_s8h2">The Ranger Commander had been a lot more standard. She’d used wind magic—probably the most common form of magic to combine with archery—but otherwise just stuck to the basics. Both of them had Splitting Arrow skills and variants of Powershot, but the elf had also had some interesting skills he didn’t.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">One of them was a skill he had seen but skipped. It allowed her to blast herself all over the place by amplifying the energy that pushed her back after every shot, which turned out to be quite a nice way of dodging when combined with wind magic. She also had bouncing arrows that could redirect themselves mid-air, which was another skill Jake had skipped, but he felt pretty confident he could somehow bake that functionality into his archery skill with time.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">But the skill she had used that interested Jake the most wasn’t really one of her “flashy” attacks. It was the use of normal arrows. Jake reckoned it was her archery skill, but every single arrow she’d fired had spun around with impressive speed and appeared to have small whirlwinds around them, increasing their stability in flight, and wind mana also seemed to increase its penetrative power. He noticed that the wind magic would strike first before the physical arrow would make contact, which got him thinking.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">However, only after seeing her big finisher had he truly gotten an idea.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake knew that her method wasn’t the way for him, considering he didn’t really do wind magic, but the idea of packing mana around it was interesting. All of Jake’s other attempts at infusing an arrow with magic had been difficult due to the arrows often being poisoned, but also due to the arrows already being arcane arrows.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">So, seeing as Jake had some time, he began working on an idea he had. Honestly, he had been thinking about this for a <span id="page_642"></span>while and had worked on the idea some time ago. Seeing that Ranger Commander had convinced him to try and bring it to fruition. He aimed to improve a skill that he should probably have improved a long time ago:</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Arrow of the Ambitious Hunter.</p>
</body>
</html>
