<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>part0069</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../page_styles.css"/>
</head>
  <body class="class4">
<div class="class_s8f1"><div class="class_s8d"><div class="class_s9"><div class="class_s10"><p class="class_s11">Chapter 65</p></div></div><h1 id="id__798_155_" class="heading_s1h">Dark Witch</h1></div></div>
<p class="class_s8h3"><span class="class_s8h1">W</span>hen Jake said he was good at zoning everything out when he focused on something, he meant he was <span class="class_s13">really</span> good at zoning everything out. Even the notifications he had gained during this time had gone unregistered. Luckily, he hadn’t pissed off this party by missing some crucial messages, as the Fallen King had honored his wish of not contacting him outside of emergencies—something the Unique Lifeform hadn’t found necessary.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Still… Jake could see why the Unique Lifeform was a bit unsatisfied when he finally checked his notifications.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Opening them up, the first thing he saw was that they had apparently gotten another bonus objective without him even noticing.</p>
<p class="class_s8t1">Bonus Objective Gained: Find a way to unlock the seal obscuring your path into the Dark Descent created by the Dark Witch leading toward the core of the planet.</p>
<p class="class_s2vk">Current Progress: Dark Descent unlocked (0/1)</p>
<p id="page_666" class="class_s8h2">So, this one confirmed the theory that the Dark Witch had indeed gone toward the core and even created a way to get down there. Of course, they likely had to also get rid of all three Living Seals before⁠—</p>
<p class="class_s9j1">Bonus Objective Completed: Destroy all three Living Seals. 1000 Nevermore Points earned.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Right. They had also gotten that done, but hopefully, Jake could at least help with that seal on the⁠—</p>
<p class="class_s9j1">Bonus Objective Completed: Dark Descent unlocked. 500 Nevermore Points earned.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Okay, Jake was beginning to realize he had indeed taken a little longer than he probably should have, but it seemed like things were going well!</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Then again, there was still much to be done if one looked at the remaining bonus objectives they had gained during Jake’s minor mental absence.</p>
<p class="class_s8t1">Bonus Objective Gained: Discover the fate of the Dark Witch.</p>
<p class="class_s9j1">Current Progress: Dark Witch’s fate discovered (0/1)</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Along with…</p>
<p class="class_s8t1">Bonus Objective Gained: Assist the New Beast Alliance in taking over the faction formerly known as the Beastfolk Alliance by helping to eliminate all enlightened beings remaining in their territory.</p>
<p id="page_667" class="class_s9j1">Current Progress: Enlightened Beings Remaining (2,093,778/9,421,400)</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">His party had clearly been up to quite a lot, with the Fallen King seemingly mid-genocide in the area formerly controlled by the Beastfolk Alliance.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“So… I apologize?” </span>Jake sent.<span class="class_s13"> “Anyway, where are we? What is the status of things?</span> <span class="class_s13">I am especially interested in what is up with this New Beast Alliance.”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“The two other factions are entirely destroyed,” </span>Dina explained.<span class="class_s13"> “Well, mostly destroyed. We found out that beasts are actually entirely unaffected by the Karmic Plague. It only works on those considered enlightened, so the Fallen King formed an alliance with the beasts there to wipe out all the enlightened, especially the Otherworlders</span>.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“Are you sure they are unaffected?”</span> Jake asked, confused.<span class="class_s13"> “The Fallen King and Sylphie were both affected when we first got here, as far as I could feel.”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“Only in its inactive form</span>,” Dina said.<span class="class_s13"> “The Karmic Plague cannot properly affect anyone not considered enlightened, so once it exits hibernation, it will just fizzle out. The Fallen King already confirmed the beasts that were part of the Beast Alliance were not affected</span>.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“Beasts that were all suppressed by the beastkin Otherworlders summoned here,” </span>the Fallen King explained.<span class="class_s13"> “They did manage to reach some level of balance with the Otherworlders but never liked them. My arrival became their impetus to claim power and wipe out the enlightened. To reject such a purely beneficial objective seemed foolish, so we naturally accepted it. Should we fail, it is doubtful the Wyrmgod would penalize us, and should we succeed, it is merely bonus points.”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“And the Risen Kingdom?” </span>Jake questioned.</p>
<p id="page_668" class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“They had an unexpected case of heavy downpour,”</span> the Sword Saint answered. <span class="class_s13">“Sadly, the maniacs there, who sought to find a way to corrupt the Karmic Plague into something that would effectively mind control every enlightened being into desiring to be Risen, did not survive such unfortunate weather. As for a status on current events, the Fallen King and I are both on our way to Dina and Sylphie right now.”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“Got it,”</span> Jake sent, sighing. Seemed like he had missed a lot. <span class="class_s13">“How long was I unreachable?”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“Seven weeks and three days,”</span> the Fallen King answered.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“See, honestly, from my point of view, this is as much on you as me for flying so slow you didn’t need me during all this time for anything,”</span> Jake argued.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“That isn’t how things work,”</span> the Sword Saint stated flatly.</p>
<p class="class_sbg2">“Fair enough, I zoned out a bit too hard… So, Sylphie, how are things?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“Ree, ree, ree,”</span> Sylphie explained, making Jake nod.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Seemed like they had done quite well, too. Found the old faction the Dark Witch had created and killed a bunch of beasts that had taken over the area, including a mini-boss monster that guarded the former capital. From there, they’d gathered a bunch of intel to learn a bit about the Dark Witch’s plan, including the location of the dig site she had created to reach the core.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Then they’d found the Dark Descent and discovered it had been sealed off by someone—likely the Dark Witch herself. They had then spent some time finding a way to unseal the barrier by researching what the Dark Witch had left behind, and were now making their way down the long, winding tunnels leading into the core of Tri-World—a task made quite a bit harder by the hordes of monsters in the way they had to fight through. Dina had at least left clues along the way, so once the Fallen King and Sword Saint arrived, they should be able to follow quite easily.</p>
<p id="page_669" class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“So, considering even I can see the finale of this floor will play out down at or around the core, I guess you all figured it out too?”</span> Jake surmised.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“Naturally,”</span> the Fallen King stated. <span class="class_s13">“And based on our estimates, I shall arrive at the entrance to the caverns in roughly a week, while the Sword Saint will be four days.”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“Aight.” </span>Jake nodded to himself. <span class="class_s13">“Want me to join Sylphie and Dina as soon as possible?”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“Was that not your original intention?”</span> the Sword Saint asked. <span class="class_s13">“Or do you need some more time to practice? Perhaps familiarize yourself with your new skill? I wouldn’t want to rush you.”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“No, I am fine with testing it out properly in real combat, so I will make my way to Sylphie,”</span> Jake answered, not responding to the slight tone of sass in the old man’s voice.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“Ree?”</span> Sylphie asked, just wanting to make sure.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">He smiled lightly. <span class="class_s13">“Yep, it shouldn’t take that long… but can you find a kind of open area? I get you are underground, but if there are any big caverns or anything, it would be great. Not entirely sure how accurate I will be.”</span></p>
<p class="class_sbg2">“Ree.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake nodded and began to prepare himself, waiting for Sylphie to give the signal.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Now, one of the reasons his party had been fine with leaving Jake behind was because of what he was about to do.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">When it came to long-distance travel, the best in their party was, surprisingly, the Sword Saint. Well, he was the best circumstantially. Through his profession, he could paint an area and “save” a moment in space that he could then travel to. This meant he was the fastest at returning somewhere he had been before… as long as you gave him a dozen or so hours to create a painting first.</p>
<p id="page_670" class="class_s8h2">Second-best was Jake. However, his means of travel were not as restricted as the Sword Saint’s, though his means also came with downsides. Accuracy was one of those downsides, especially considering Jake didn’t have a lot of practice with this method of travel, and the method wasn’t really designed as a long-distance travel skill anyway. Instead, it focused on distance, speed, and the ability to just get the hell away from where he currently was.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">He was naturally talking about the special ability of his Wings of the Malefic Viper. An oft-ignored but incredibly useful aspect of the skill. Usually, Jake wouldn’t use it as a means of travel, but the circumstances of floor forty-one made it seem like a good idea. Plus, he could reduce many of the skill’s downsides by using a certain little hawk as a direction marker.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake and Sylphie still had a powerful connection through their Union Oath, allowing Jake to easily zone in on her. Over long distances, things like the Golden Mark or even his Hunter’s Mark sometimes got a bit fuzzy, but the Oath had no such problems—not surprising, considering its Primordial origin.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">After a while, Jake got the signal from Sylphie and a slightly worried comment from Dina regarding whether he was sure things would work out as he planned.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“Relax,” </span>Jake said, trying to calm her down as he got to work. “<span class="class_s13">Even if things go slightly sideways, what’s the worst thing that can happen? That I get stuck in a wall or something? I’ll be fine.”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Wings sprang from his back as he also summoned scales all over his body. Taking a deep breath, he began to charge them with energy and activated the escape method of Wings of the Malefic Viper. Mist poured out and began to stick to his body as his entire form turned greenish.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The world seemed to distort as Jake flapped his wings once. Everything warped as Jake allowed his instinct to guide him. <span id="page_671"></span>Sylphie’s location felt so close, yet so far away, as Jake flapped his wings several more times and went through a distorted world where even the concept of space was subverted and eroded.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake’s mana dropped by just over ten thousand points every single time he flapped his wings, his mana pool of 230,000 rapidly depleting. Luckily, it took less than ten seconds before Jake stopped the skill at the behest of his gut, telling him now was the time.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Unluckily, he had waited a fraction of a second too long to disengage the skill. The entire world turned dark, and Jake felt a deep pressure all over his body the second he faded back into reality. Jake kept his cool, having expected this to potentially happen.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">Didn’t miss by too much,</span> Jake thought, sighing in relief. Sylphie was only about a kilometer above him, and from a quick pulse, he saw that there was even a small cave on his path upwards.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“Ree?”</span> Sylphie asked, having felt Jake nearby.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“Yeah, just a little stuck. Gotta take a second to</span>⁠<span class="class_s13">—”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Before he was even done talking, he felt a thick vine wrap around his body and drag him upward through the path it had created. He still had to deal with rock and soil scraping him all the way up, but such was a minor sacrifice for quick travel.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“How did you miss and end up within the earth like that?” Dina asked the moment she dragged him out of the ground. “It was like you just appeared, yet I feel a distorted path…”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“I flew there, duh.” Jake smiled, having not really gone into detail about how Wings worked.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">She just looked at him for a moment before looking back at the vine she had dragged him up. There were signs of rotting from the remnant poison left after the use of Wings. “Fine, a Legacy skill from the Malefic One. Are you ready to go, or did the skill take a lot out of you?”</p>
<p id="page_672" class="class_s8h2">Jake was down to just a bit above a quarter, but after popping a potion, he was all good to go. He wouldn’t be able to summon his Wings of the Malefic Viper for a few days, but that should be fine, considering he was underground. The slight feeling of weakness after using such an escape skill also wasn’t that big of a deal either, as Jake had joined them more as a guide than a fighter, and Sylphie and Dina were more than capable of defeating all the beasts on the way down.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">From there, the trek towards the center of Tri-World continued. Sylphie and Dina had already gotten pretty damn deep by the time Jake arrived—nearly thirty percent of the way already—but that still meant there was a lot to go. Luckily for them, Jake was a good guide when leading them through the elaborate tunnel system created by the Dark Witch.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Rather than natural tunnels, it was clear these ones had been dug. Magical reinforcements could be found here and there, and waymarkers were placed at certain intervals, with there even being a few sealed-off rooms hidden away off to the side of the cavern at times.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">However, it was also clear the tunnel had been heavily neglected. No one had been there for a few hundred years, so the beasts had taken over again. Most of them were worm-like beasts called Tunnelers—the same creatures the Caravan Guard Captain had warned them about. These Tunnelers came in many variants and sizes, and they could be threats if one was taken by surprise or got swarmed, especially in an environment that was so beneficial to them. Being stuck in a cavern surrounded by earth while fighting creatures using earth magic was always problematic.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Ultimately, these damn Tunnelers did little more than slow down their descent, especially when they decided that trying to collapse a part of the tunnel on them was a good idea. Even when mini-boss versions appeared, the three of them easily handled it. <span id="page_673"></span>It was kind of monotonous, but at least the beasts they met got stronger as they descended.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">They even began encountering other things deeper down. Elementals of the earth and lava variety, some insectoid monsters, and even a few fucking mushroom bastards that Jake called dibs on before utterly annihilating them. The only bad thing during all this was that using his new and improved Protean Arrow wasn’t ever necessary.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Days turned to weeks as they kept plunging deeper and deeper, and Jake hoped that they would soon face enemies worth fighting.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Sadly, before that could happen, the Sword Saint joined them, having been able to reach them a lot faster by following the path they’d created. With him there, the fights naturally only got easier. A few weeks later, the Fallen King also rejoined the party proper, bringing the entire gang back together for what would hopefully be the final trek of floor forty-one.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Picking up their pace now that they didn’t fear getting surrounded by the constantly lurking monsters, they rapidly made progress, and only about a month later, they finally reached their destination. Through a Pulse of Perception, Jake saw a trapdoor of sorts leading into a giant, expansive space. Rushing down, they soon made it to the trap door. He had kept the huge space below scouted with pulse throughout their approach, but only after they dismantled the pretty simplistic seal on the trap door and opened it could he truly appreciate the sight.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">This was the first time any of them—even Dina—had seen the core of a planet. Jake stared at a giant, red, molten orb floating in the middle of the chamber, more than five kilometers across and absolutely pulsing with power and pure energy. Surprisingly, it only gave off a little bit of heat, despite looking like a miniature sun.</p>
<p id="page_674" class="class_s8h2">The cavern that housed this massive core was even more enormous. It was almost entirely spherical and about five hundred kilometers in diameter, no matter where one decided to measure it.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake and the others stared for a while… but Jake also felt like something was wrong when he regarded the orb floating there right in the middle. Looking closely, he saw what appeared to be small runes flashing on the orb for a few seconds at a time, and from within it, he got an incredibly intense response from some of his skills.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Sense of the Malefic Viper, along with Palate, were both practically going insane. Something was hidden within the core… No, it was merged with the core. It had become one with it. For a moment, Jake had hoped that maybe the core was just corrupted by some item… but no.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Tri-World was fucked; no two ways about it. The core itself was completely filled to the brim with the Karmic Plague, its intensity so great that Jake didn’t doubt the people involved in infecting the planet had been at least A-grade.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">As Jake and the others stared at the core, there was movement somewhere down below. There, Jake saw a creature wandering. A hunched-over, hooded being mulled about, seemingly without any aim, and sometimes stared up at the core. Jake used Identify while still at an angle where she seemingly hadn’t spotted them.</p>
<p class="class_s9j1">[Dark Witch – lvl 300]</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“Level 300</span>—<span class="class_s13">I think the theory of her being the strongest on the planet is entirely correct,”</span> Jake communicated to his party.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“So, what is the plan?”</span> the Sword Saint asked.</p>
<p id="page_675" class="class_s8h2">Before anyone could respond, a system message popped up in front of them.</p>
<p class="class_s9j1">Bonus Objective Completed: Dark Witch’s fate discovered. 500 Nevermore Points earned.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s15">“I… I see a path…”</span> the Dark Witch muttered. <span class="class_s15">“Heart unsealed… There is… a path…”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“My gut is telling me a fight is unavoidable here,”</span> Jake spoke through the mark.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“You can’t know that…”</span> Dina said, unsure. Right then, another message popped up.</p>
<p class="class_s8t1">Bonus Objective Gained: The Dark Witch has been corrupted by the Karmic Plague. Her mind is lost, yet a part of her seems to still hold onto her sanity and original goal. Now choose her final fate and, through that choice, the fate of Tri-World.</p>
<p class="class_s9j1">Current Progress: Dark Witch killed (0/1) OR Dark Witch defeated (0/1)</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">A dark pulse of energy suddenly went through the massive cavern containing the core. The moment it passed through him, Jake felt the attention of the Dark Witch below lock onto him. Him, and the four others with him.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s15">“NO! More plague bearers! No!”</span> The Dark Witch’s screeching voice rang throughout the massive core room. <span class="class_s15">“Infected… but, monster not… also… human not? He… No, no, risky, risky. Only one choice acceptable…”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Behind them, the trap door leading into the core room slammed shut, and a massive dark seal appeared on it. At the <span id="page_676"></span>same time, the color scheme of the entire core room turned a shade darker as tens of thousands of black runes lit up all over the walls. The only area not covered in darkness was the red core at the center.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake threw Dina a look. “Told you.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s15">“I will save you! I will cure you! I will kill you!”</span> During her mad screeching, the Dark Witch’s body erupted with energy down below.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Dina just sighed. “Restrain, not kill.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Sure thing.” Jake nodded, pulling out his bow. He had to admit, he was a bit excited about this opponent.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">This was his first time fighting a witch, after all. Could be fun.</p>
</body>
</html>
