<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>part0015</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../page_styles.css"/>
</head>
  <body class="class4">
<div class="class_s8f1"><div class="class_s8d"><div class="class_s9"><div class="class_s10"><p class="class_s11">Chapter 11</p></div></div><h1 id="id__798_101_" class="heading_s1h">Demon Lord</h1></div></div>
<p class="class_s8h3"><span class="class_s8h1">J</span>ake was blasted backward as he blocked with a barrier of stable arcane mana. A torrent of flames bellowed out from the Demon Lord, obscuring its form even as it walked forward. As the one closest to the gate, Jake had taken the brunt of it, but he had reacted quickly due to his danger sense to avoid any real damage.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">A wall of roots shot up from the ground just after Jake was shot back, but a blast of deep red flames removed it instantly. Everyone retreated back to Jake as the Demon Lord walked through the burning wall of vines, properly revealing its form for the first time.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">As Jake had initially seen, it was about five meters tall and had rock-like outgrowths on its skin; all of them were cracked, showing off red energy pulsing beneath. It carried a large sword that looked like it was made of stone, with veins of glowing red lava running through it. Otherwise, it didn’t have any equipment. Even its bottom side was covered only by a loincloth of sorts. The demon’s entire body released a constant stream of heat energy, its form burning perpetually. Whether its skin was red due to the fire or it was just its usual skin tone, Jake didn’t know. Its head looked vaguely humanoid, with two large, curled <span id="page_116"></span>horns like that of a goat, and it had two burning red eyes that stared down the party in front of it.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">There was no doubt about it… This was the strongest foe they had faced in Nevermore so far. That difficulty-setting thing had allowed them to encounter opponents worth fighting far sooner than expected; this Demon Lord was proof of that.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake grinned as the Demon Lord assessed the five of them. The Demon Lord sneered and spoke in a deep voice, its words infused with Willpower.</p>
<p class="class_sp">“Kneel.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">That command became the starting shot, as their entire party moved in unison. The Demon Lord legitimately seemed taken by surprise at their immediate response, but it still managed to react. A blast of force struck it in the side, making the demon stumble slightly while blocking a blow from the Sword Saint. It roared at the water mixed into his attacks.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake shot an arrow toward the demon’s ankle to try and limit its movements, but it managed to shift its stance and do an upward slash, sending out a massive wave of fire that sent the Sword Saint retreating. Just as it was about to do a follow-up, a green hawk barreled into it from behind. Sylphie had previously turned herself into wind to get around the demon.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">She managed to punch a hole in the demon’s backside from the impact but still found herself on the defensive when the wound released a blast of fire. The blood that dripped down the demon’s body burned like lava.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Dina also finally released a proper attack, shooting a massive spear of wood towards the Demon Lord and forcing it to block with the flat side of its large blade. The impact still sent it skirting backward and gave Jake and the King an opportunity to each land a ranged blow in the form of an arrow and a golden blast of force, respectively. As the demon stumbled, the Sword <span id="page_117"></span>Saint got close and cut its leg, aiming to sever the tendons on its ankles. Assuming it had any.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The Demon Lord roared and slammed its sword into the ground with both hands. A massive blast of fire exploded out from its body, forcing them all to disengage. When the Demon Lord’s form was revealed again, it looked calmer. It also seemed to have truly realized it was surrounded by powerful people. It regarded them for a moment before grunting.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Very well.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">It squeezed the handle of its sword, and the stone-like weapon cracked. Stone slowly fell away, revealing a pulsing orange blade of metal that released heat powerful enough to make Jake activate Scales of the Malefic Viper just to be on the safe side. Dina also responded quickly and sent out green waves of energy toward each of them, resulting in a faint, glowing green barrier covering their bodies. Jake instantly felt the temperature lower and gave Dina a nod as they prepared to reengage the demon.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The demon swung its empowered blade toward the people in front of it and sent out a crescent wave of flames. A golden magic barrier met the flames, and Jake jumped back as he began charging his Arcane Powershot. The Sword Saint stormed forward after the King dispelled the barrier, and together with Sylphie, the two of them engaged their opponent in melee. The Fallen King also began charging some magic of his own while Dina retreated to stand beside Jake, preparing a spell of her own.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Aware of what they were doing, the Demon Lord wanted to stop them, but the Sword Saint wouldn’t allow it. He activated his boosting skill properly for the first time since entering Nevermore, and Sylphie soon followed suit as the Demon Lord got more and more aggressive. They both needed to avoid the <span id="page_118"></span>sword at all costs, and Jake saw that Dina’s protection spell wouldn’t last much longer against the intense fire energy.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Luckily, it didn’t have to.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake was ready and sent the mental go-ahead to the Fallen King. The Unique Lifeform reacted instantly. Two massive, golden chains erupted from his hands and flew straight toward the Demon Lord. The demon tried to avoid them, but just then, thorned roots shot up from the ground and entrapped its feet, allowing the chains to hit.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Less than a quarter of a second later, Jake released an Arcane Powershot that tore through the air, releasing a devastating trail of destruction and then an explosion. The Demon Lord roared as it blocked with one of its arms, not able to raise its blade in time.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Despite the power of Jake’s attack, the Demon Lord managed to partly block the hit. Its arm had a huge chunk of flesh blown off, revealing the obsidian-like bone beneath, but the Demon Lord also borrowed the momentum from the impact to retreat. The Sword Saint still managed to give chase and, using his Rainblade, delivered an upwards cut aimed straight at where Jake had also just hit. Once more, the Demon Lord was ready to respond, but the Fallen King yanked the golden chains, interrupting its dodge and allowing the Sword Saint to land a solid cut. Even then, the arm was not fully severed; the sword was stopped by the bone, only cutting halfway through.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Just as Jake feared their attack had failed, though, a green bullet swept through the hallway. The arm was hit straight on, and in an explosion of fire, blood, and bone, the Demon Lord’s limb was severed just below the elbow.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Sylphie materialized not far from Jake, a few of her feathers burned despite her ethereal form when attacking the demon. Jake had already pulled out another arrow and was prepared to continue his attack when the Demon Lord once more erupted in crimson flames. The golden chains of the Fallen King rapidly <span id="page_119"></span>melted away, allowing the demon to retreat, but it was once more caught by Dina attempting to immobilize it. The Fallen King also didn’t take his chain being melted lightly. The Unique Lifeform flew forward, his ivory claw now glowing golden.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake, the Sword Saint, and Sylphie also gave chase as the Demon Lord took blow after blow. Its body was honestly ridiculously tough, its metallic bones so durable that causing any proper damage was difficult. Dina had to soon focus solely on protecting them from the extreme heat aura from the Demon Lord.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The demon’s sword was still the most dangerous thing by far. Due to overconfidence in his barrier, the Fallen King had attempted to get close and land a solid blow, only to wind up being slammed in the chest. His barrier broke, sending him flying several kilometers down the hallway. The Sword Saint also failed to respond in time when the Demon Lord used the severed bone on its hand to stab him in the shoulder, leaving a nasty, burning wound.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">They all felt pressured, but the situation was still under control. Yet the Demon Lord didn’t seem afraid in any way, just annoyed. It fought valiantly, but it was slower than any one of them besides Dina and the Fallen King, so it failed to do a lot of damage that Dina couldn’t quickly handle. The Sword Saint also managed to nullify many of the major fire attacks, though it did look like his own blows utilizing the concept of rain failed to do much. Nevertheless, the wounds accumulated on the Demon Lord, and considering its missing hand, it was only a matter of time.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">At least, they thought it was. Sure, they had figured the Demon Lord had some hidden tricks, but what it did next was still surprising.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">It swung its blade wide to release a wave of fire, making Jake and the others momentarily retreat once more. Usually when <span id="page_120"></span>this happened, it just gave Jake time to charge up an attack, but this time the Demon Lord changed its behavior entirely.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Rather than keep attacking, it straightened its back and scoffed. “Pathetic, this body,” the Demon Lord said, frowning deeply before turning to the five of them. “You are worthy adversaries. We will meet again.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">With its remaining hand, the Demon Lord stuck the sword into the ground, and a pentagram-shaped magic circle appeared beneath its feet. Jake reacted quickly by firing an arrow, but a red barrier covered the demon, and before anyone else could attack, a crimson flash of light stole the Demon Lord away.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">What the fuck?</span> Jake cursed internally at the fucking thing just running away. He was about to yell at their host when a system message popped up.</p>
<p class="class_s9j1">Achievement earned: Defeat the Demon Lord during your first encounter. 250 Nevermore Points earned.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Okay, so at least they’d gotten a bunch of points for it. Jake still didn’t feel satisfied.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Should we have gone all-out using boosting skills and everything?” he questioned aloud.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“I… I don’t think that would work,” Dina said, shaking her head. “That was a Demon Lord, after all.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">The four of them turned to look at Dina, with even Sylphie, who had landed on Jake’s shoulder, tilting her head.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Dina seemed to grasp what they wanted, explaining, “That is a Demon Lord, a very particular subspecies of the demon race. Demon Lords are notoriously difficult to kill, and they are even able to resurrect if slain. These are not true resurrections, but more like their remnant energy regathered, and an entirely new creature with a new Truesoul is born in its place, though at a <span id="page_121"></span>slightly lower level in most cases. Due to this, many just seal away Demon Lords instead. In the end, time kills everything that is not a god, no matter how tricky they may be.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Oh,” Jake said, wondering why he had never heard about them before while also thinking that sounded kind of similar to some of the fiction he’d read before the system. “Do they also have inherent knowledge like True Royals?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“A little, but it is very limited, so for one to be able to speak is already proof it has lived for a pretty long time, and even if all Demon Lords are born C-grade at minimum, being halfway to B-grade may mean it has gained those levels itself. Demon Lords are also usually born through large-scale sacrificial rituals, which means they usually have subordinates… This one was alone and weakened after being sealed in for a long time.” Dina shook her head.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake nodded. “I see.” Its comment about its body being pathetic was likely genuine. They hadn’t faced the Demon Lord at full power.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Does that mean that even if we killed this Demon Lord, it would only be temporary?” the Sword Saint asked. “That we would face it again later on?”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Well… usually they take at least a decade or so to resurrect, so probably not?” Dina said, a bit unsure.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Wait, if they can keep resurrecting, doesn’t that mean whenever a Demon Lord is spawned, there will always be one more in the multiverse?” Jake questioned.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“They can still die permanently, depending on the way they are killed, and the amount of times they resurrect is still limited,” Dina explained. “The problem is that you can’t really know how many resurrections a particular Demon Lord has left… Hence, most prefer to seal them.”</p>
<p id="page_122" class="class_s8h2">“Definitely going for the kill next time either way,” Jake said, getting a nod from the Sword Saint and a screech of agreement from Sylphie.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s13">“I believe I can make its death quite a bit more permanent than usual,”</span> the King shared. <span class="class_s13">“As long as you shatter the soul enough, the regathering of energy should at least be slowed down enough for it to take millennia for any new Demon Lord to emerge, if what you explained is correct.”</span></p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Aight,” Jake said approvingly. “Now, let’s check what was behind that damn gate.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">During the fight, they had traveled several kilometers down the hallway, as more space had helped them avoid the large, sweeping fire attacks. Now, with the Demon Lord gone, they could rush back down the hall and finally see what had been behind the gate requiring four damn keys.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Once there, they first saw that the portal was gone, and behind it was a relatively small chamber, barely wider than the normal hallway. On the other side of this small chamber was the gateway leading onto the next floor, making Jake and the others feel pretty relieved.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake smiled. “So, at least this was the right way.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2"><span class="class_s15">“No, it wasn’t,”</span> Minaga chimed in.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Clearly was. I see the gateway right there.” Jake shrugged.</p>
<p class="class_sp">“I guess it depends on your definition of what the right way is. This was technically one of the ways you could take, but not really the one most are expected to take, so to call it the right way isn’t entirely accurate.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“This seemed like the most straightforward way, though. Humor me, if you will. What was the other way we could have gone?” Jake was asking partly to have the Unique Lifeform divulge more information about the labyrinth, and partly because he was genuinely curious.</p>
<p id="page_123" class="class_sp">“See, if you had done any of the other rooms that you so quickly avoided, you would have known that there was a second way into this room that wasn’t through the gate that would also unleash the Demon Lord. The friendlies in these mystical rooms you so adamantly avoided would have told you that through the efforts of a cult of demon worshippers, a Demon Lord has been summoned. They would then have led you to a mage who could use the four keys to instead teleport you to that central platform right there.”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">A spotlight appeared in the middle of the room, highlighting a slightly elevated stone platform with several patterns carved into it.</p>
<p class="class_sp">“I am trying to tell a story here, too, you know? Not the best story, maybe, but I am trying. Granted, I care more about the mechanics of an experience over the background story, but I still put in effort, so you will learn this lore if you want to or not!”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Fine, fine,” Jake said, not wanting to argue. “But do tell me, since you keep insisting we did it wrong… would the other way have given more Nevermore Points? Would it have been faster?”</p>
<p class="class_sp">Somehow, Jake <span class="class_s13">heard </span>Minaga’s lack of reply.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“How do you even make audible silence? That makes no sen⁠—”</p>
<p class="class_sp">“Would you look at that? The entire first layer of the labyrinth is now collapsing after you so haphazardly released the Demon Lord! Hurry into the gateway before it is too late!”</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">Jake was about to respond to what he thought was an obvious joke when the ceiling cracked, and in the hallway behind them, the entire thing began to collapse in on itself.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“Fucking hell,” Jake cursed as he and the others charged forward.</p>
<p id="page_124" class="class_s8h2">“Did you find it necessary to annoy him?” the Sword Saint said as they reached the gateway.</p>
<p class="class_s8h2">“In my defense, I think he is genuinely enjoying this.” Jake smiled as they entered the gateway and moved on to the first in-between room of Minaga’s Labyrinth.</p>
</body>
</html>
