<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>part0081</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../page_styles.css"/>
</head>
  <body class="class3">
<div class="class_s6"><div class="class_s7"><div class="class_sa"><div class="class_sa1"><div class="class_sa2"><p class="class_s9z">Chapter 76</p></div></div></div><h1 id="id__798_161_" class="heading_sa">Last Say</h1></div></div>
<p class="class_s8"><span class="class_sdk">T</span>he Nevermore Arenas. To Jake and the others in his party, these did not have much pull, but to others, they were a cornerstone of Nevermore City. They pulled in huge audiences and were where geniuses from all over the multiverse gathered from C-grade to S-grade. It was a chance to show off their skills to others for a myriad of reasons, most of which revolved around recruitment.</p>
<p class="class_s9">Factionless Individuals could show off their power and potentially find party members to join them in their pursuit to rank high in Nevermore. Others hoped to be recruited into powerful parties that needed someone with their skills. Some of these even hoped to join a faction.</p>
<p class="class_s9">This was especially prevalent due to the new universe recently getting integrated, and it would only increase as the Wyrmgod sent out these tokens for C-grades all over the new universe to teleport to Nevermore directly. All who had arrived now had to have some backing to even be able to make the trip.</p>
<p class="class_s9">Needless to say, many of these factions did not need to be in the arenas to recruit members, as they already had full parties, which led to another reason why some went to the arenas: to show off. Jake was pretty damn fucking sure Ell’Hakan was in the camp of people wanting to show off, and if he could also attract Jake, that was probably just a win-win for the guy.</p>
<p class="class_s9">Jake did find it regrettable that killing was not allowed in Nevermore City—not even in the arenas. Accidental deaths weren’t a thing, either, as referees always watched the fight, and some odd formation had been placed to prevent instantly fatal attacks from killing someone. Instead, <span id="page_568"></span>they just threw them out of the arena. Jake suspected system fuckery was behind this.</p>
<p class="class_s9">Either way, had this anti-killing rule not been in place, Jake would have gladly faced Ell’Hakan within an arena.</p>
<p class="class_s9">However, with the rule in place… Jake just wouldn’t face him at all if he could avoid it. Yet he still wanted to at least lay an eye on the guy and get a feel for how much stronger he—and potentially his Bloodline—had gotten. Ell’Hakan had proven himself very good at suddenly popping up and attacking, and Jake wanted to avoid being taken by surprise if the fucker ambushed him with a Bloodline that was more powerful than he expected.</p>
<p class="class_s9">He also knew that curiosity would gnaw at him if he didn’t at least see a few of the asshole’s party members. Villy had said they were powerful, and Jake knew that wanting to see them personally wasn’t logical and potentially even inviting a trap, but the alternative was him wondering for decades to come. Besides, if Ell’Hakan was fighting in one of the arenas, Jake should be able to scout out his party mates without even being noticed, and even if Ell’Hakan had set a trap… well, he did kind of have a plan for that.</p>
<p class="class_s9">"Would you happen to have an extra robe and a sword?" Jake asked the Sword Saint.</p>
<p class="class_s9">"Oh?" he said with interest. "I do, but what for?"</p>
<p class="class_s9">"Something that will hopefully work," Jake answered. "Follow me."</p>
<p class="class_s9">He led the Sword Saint into a small alley and, after he was sure no one was looking, had the old man give him a robe and a sword and put them on.</p>
<p class="class_s9">Then he closed his eyes and took a deep breath as he entered meditation. He focused on his heartbeat and soon heard it thumping strongly within his mind. Focusing even more on it, he made it slow down significantly, enduring the slight strain. His Sphere of Perception momentarily seemed to flicker before it stabilized, yet the sound of his own heartbeat had ceased to be within his mind. It was as if he had grasped it with a hand and squeezed tightly to keep it under control</p>
<p class="class_s9">"Your aura… I felt a slight shift," the Sword Saint said, frowning as Jake opened his eyes. "You feel, hm, weaker, perhaps?"</p>
<p class="class_s9">"I made it a bit easier for me to hide from his detection," Jake said. "To allow me to not attract attention and just be a follower of yours."</p>
<p class="class_s9">"Oh?" the Sword Saint exclaimed skeptically. "I have done some research into Bloodlines, and from my comprehension, he will be able to feel yours if he gets close. Even if you change your looks and aura, suspicion <span id="page_569"></span>would still arise if I am seen walking with an individual with a Bloodline."</p>
<p class="class_s9">"Unless he is touching me, not even Ell’Hakan should be able to feel it."</p>
<p class="class_s9">The Sword Saint frowned before simply nodding. "Do as you may."</p>
<p class="class_s9">Jake nodded in return and made sure the robe was properly put on and the sword attached to his waist. He then lifted his hand and conjured a stable arcane barrier over his mask before infusing it with a bit of dark mana, hiding his face. He finished the look by putting on his old cloak and changing its colors to dark blue, like the Sword Saint’s robe.</p>
<p class="class_s9">Finally, he used Shroud of the Primordial to display himself as only level 200 while also entirely removing any trace of him having a Blessing.</p>
<p class="class_s9">"How do I look?" Jake asked.</p>
<p class="class_s9">"Different," the Sword Saint answered. "Enough so that I would not recognize you."</p>
<p class="class_s9">"Good enough,” Jake said, nodding. "Let’s go."</p>
<p class="class_s9">What Jake had done was something he had theorized for a long time should be possible. During his childhood, Jake had managed to completely suppress his Bloodline to the level of effectively deactivating it. This was not a usual function of Bloodlines or something anyone could just do, yet Jake had done it, which begged the question… why couldn’t he do something similar again?</p>
<p class="class_s9">Which was what he had just done. However, it was flawed, and Jake had to actively focus on keeping it suppressed to the level of being undetectable unless he wanted to somehow try and suppress it entirely—something he had no desire to do. For now, his Bloodline remained fully active while also being suppressed enough for no one around him to feel it. It had been effectively pressed into his body and could only be discovered through touch.</p>
<p class="class_s9">Had Jake known he could do this before coming to Nevermore?</p>
<p class="class_s9">No, no, he hadn’t.</p>
<p class="class_s9">So there was no fucking way Ell’Hakan could either.</p>
<p class="class_s9">In fact, the lack of a Bloodline would more likely than not make him entirely disregard Jake and instead focus solely on the Sword Saint. At least, that was the plan.</p>
<p class="class_s9">"Let’s pick up the pace; can’t keep this up forever," Jake said, as he did know he was on borrowed time. It wasn’t effortless to contain the aura.</p>
<p class="class_s9">"Very well," the Sword Saint said.</p>
<p class="class_s9">The two of them hurried, and soon enough, they made it to the northern arenas. It was a huge complex of different arenas, and even <span id="page_570"></span>for C-grade, there were dozens, making Jake fear finding Ell’Hakan would be difficult.</p>
<p class="class_s9">That proved to be a non-issue, as one arena had far more fanfare than any other. More than that, Jake felt something. A familiar Bloodline lurked just through the entrance to the large double doors leading into the colosseum-like structure. Hidden, just out of sight.</p>
<p class="class_s9"><span class="class_s70d">"He is just past here,"</span> Jake warned the Sword Saint.</p>
<p class="class_s9"><span class="class_s70d">"Very well,"</span> the old man answered. <span class="class_s70d">"I shall naturally take the lead, my fellow member of the Noboru Clan."</span></p>
<p class="class_s9">Jake didn’t comment as they walked forward, and as they entered the arena, Jake heard the grating voice.</p>
<p class="class_s9">"What a wonderful surprise to see you here, Sword Saint," Ell’Hakan spoke as he spotted the Sword Saint and the disguised Jake. He had been hidden by a large group of people, and they made way for him as he walked straight toward them.</p>
<p class="class_s9">"I do not believe I can say the same," the Sword Saint said, turning to look at Ell’Hakan.</p>
<p class="class_s9">Instantly, the crowd’s eyes turned on them. It was clear Ell’Hakan had gathered all of them to witness this encounter.</p>
<p class="class_s9">Jake felt Ell’Hakan’s gaze briefly land on him, but it was only for a mere moment before he turned his attention back towards the old swordsman.</p>
<p class="class_s9">"Our last encounter was unfortunate; I will take that upon myself," Ell’Hakan said with a smile as he turned to the crowd of onlookers. "Everyone, allow me to introduce the man known as the Sword Saint. A man I have faced once, and from that alone, I can firmly say I cannot assure victory. Also, a party member of the Chosen of the Malefic Viper."</p>
<p class="class_s9">A few frowns came from all around at the mention of the Malefic Viper. <span class="class_s70d">Really not a popular guy.</span></p>
<p class="class_s9">"Ah, do not misunderstand,” the Chosen said. “The Sword Saint is not a member of the Order of the Malefic Viper, but a man who stands on his own, correct?"</p>
<p class="class_s9">"It is so," the Sword Saint said, not denying it. "I choose my own Path, because do we not all seek to walk one that is only ours? Or perhaps that is just the ramblings of an old man. At least, his willingness to pave his own way is something I find admirable when we discuss Lord Thayne. His willingness to walk his own Path, even if it does not align with that of the Malefic One."</p>
<p class="class_s9">"I have heard his recent feats were impressive things indeed," Ell’Hakan said, nodding in recognition. "Speaking of the Chosen, I had <span id="page_571"></span>hoped to meet him here and perhaps have a fruitful discussion. While it is pleasant to meet you once more, it does make me wonder… who is this man you brought along? I do not believe him to be one of your party members."</p>
<p class="class_s9">Jake really tried to keep it together, but he felt oddly nervous that he would be discovered. Too nervous.</p>
<p class="class_s9">He still managed to remain stable as the Sword Saint answered, "This is my great-grandson-in-law. Or, well, I wouldn’t complain if that is what he became.” He let out a grandfatherly laugh.</p>
<p class="class_s9">Jake stared at the Sword Saint with wide eyes at that sudden declaration. What the hell was the guy saying?</p>
<p class="class_s9">"Amusing." Ell’Hakan smiled and shook his head as he redirected his attention to the Sword Saint. "Say, would it be possible to have you arrange a chat with the Chosen of the Malefic One?"</p>
<p class="class_s9">With the attention off him, Jake could finally focus more on scanning the Chosen in front of him while the Sword Saint kept him distracted.</p>
<p class="class_s9">"Sadly, I do not think he wants to discuss very much with you. You have not exactly been a good conversation partner to Lord Thayne thus far, now, have you?"</p>
<p class="class_s9">"Alas, I cannot deny that.” Raising his brow, he continued, “However, it does make me wonder… Why would he not dare say this to my face? Is it perhaps accurate for me to assume that he sent you here because he does not wish to face me directly?"</p>
<p class="class_s9">"I would deem that assessment highly inaccurate. In fact, I believe he would gladly stand in front of you at this very moment if he wanted to.”</p>
<p class="class_s9">Ell’Hakan raised his eyebrow again before sighing. "Very well. I merely wanted to have a frank talk with him under the gaze of the Wyrmgod, with our safety ensured by the rules of Nevermore. Seeing as he is not interested, would you so kindly deliver a message for me?"</p>
<p class="class_s9">"That could be arranged," the Sword Saint agreed.</p>
<p class="class_s9">"Thank you," Ell’Hakan said, bowing. "Tell Lord Thayne that I truly do want a discussion. No deceit. A genuine olive branch, where an alternative to either of our demises can be found. I know he has… doubts about his Patron, so let him know he can find a home in so many other places than that forsaken Order with his unique talents. While we may have had a bad first impression of one another, I genuinely believe that a friendship—or at least mutual tolerance—can be formed as long as he desires it to be so."</p>
<p class="class_s9">The Sword Saint looked at the nahoom for a few seconds before nodding<span id="page_572"></span>.</p>
<p class="class_s9">"That is truly all," Ell’Hakan said as he bowed yet another time. "Thank you, Sword Saint. I would invite you to a duel in the arena to have a proper rematch, but sadly, I will have to take my leave now, as my comrades are done enjoying themselves in the arena. Nevermore awaits. Oh, and do know that even if I desire friendlier terms between us, I shall hold nothing back during the descent. Let us have a healthy competition."</p>
<p class="class_s9">With those words, four people walked out of the arena. Jake turned his gaze to them, and instantly he felt relief. He didn’t recognize a single one of the four figures that walked out of the arena. Jake immediately scanned them all, and together with his assessment of Ell’Hakan… he had a decent idea of what he would be dealing with.</p>
<p class="class_s9">The four were all peak-level geniuses. They gave him the same vibes as Dina but without the air of naivety. Among them was a beastfolk warrior that looked to be descended from a wolf. Another was a mage of an unknown race Jake didn’t recognize, and he didn’t dare use Identify. Second to last was an elemental in humanoid form. A metal elemental of some kind, it seemed. Lastly was a woman covered in all white with a veil hiding her face, giving off a familiar aura that did give Jake some pause.</p>
<p class="class_s9">It appeared the Holy Church had sent a healer Ell’Hakan’s way. Whether this was some official policy, he couldn’t be sure.</p>
<p class="class_s9">Ell’Hakan turned to meet his party members and was about to walk toward them, but he didn’t get far.</p>
<p class="class_s9">Scanning them all gave Jake enough information, and as he looked at the Sword Saint for a moment, the old man gave a light smile and nodded.</p>
<p class="class_s9">"Are these your party members?" Jake asked as he opened his mouth for the first time, purposefully masking his voice with mana.</p>
<p class="class_s9">Ell’Hakan turned and looked at Jake, and the eyes of all the onlookers gathered on him. A lot of eyes at this point, with many also observing from far away. Jake felt the Chosen’s annoyance at being addressed by a mere follower of the Sword Saint, but Ell’Hakan didn’t show it. Who did show it were all the supporters around him, who sneered at Jake daring to ask.</p>
<p class="class_s9">"They are indeed. Why do you ask?" Ell’Hakan’s tone was neutral despite how annoyed he felt.</p>
<p class="class_s9">"Curiosity that has now been sated," Jake said in a curt tone.</p>
<p class="class_s9">Ell’Hakan frowned deeply now. Jake didn’t need his intuition to tell him the Chosen was thoroughly using his Bloodline to try and <span id="page_573"></span>understand why Jake suddenly had a change in demeanor. Sadly for him… it was too late.</p>
<p class="class_s9">"I am starting to believe there is more to you than meets the eye, masked friend of the Sword Saint," Ell’Hakan said, clearly trying to reclaim control of the conversation and have the last word. "However, as I said, I cannot delay here much longer, and I will⁠—"</p>
<p class="class_sfv">"The answer is no."</p>
<p class="class_s9">Jake released the grip upon his heart and allowed it to thump to life once more. Jake’s aura flared out as he let it all go, including his presence. The robe covering his body was shredded, revealing his true form. His yellow eyes drilled into the genuinely surprised Ell’Hakan, who stared at Jake with wide-open eyes.</p>
<p class="class_s9">“How dare you stand there and talk about unfortunate situations and bad first impressions," Jake said, his voice echoing out so everyone around them could hear. “You came to <span class="class_s70d">my</span> planet. Killed <span class="class_s70d">my</span> friends. Proclaimed you would kill me and wreak havoc across my world. I didn’t even know you. And for what? To spin some grand tale of pure fantasy? To claim you tried to save my world? Guess what—the ones you manipulated to help you and then betrayed are rebuilding after the destruction <span class="class_s70d">you</span> caused. They grieve the deaths <span class="class_s70d">you </span>instigated. So, no, I will not take your poisoned olive branch or listen to the words of someone who has only ever sought to deceive. I decide if I want to listen, not you. Remember, <span class="class_s70d">you</span> came after me first. <span class="class_s70d">You</span> started this. Never forget that.”</p>
<p class="class_s9">All around him were shocked eyes and faint whispers, making it clear they all knew who he was. More attention focused on the square, as Jake’s loud voice had attracted an even bigger crowd than before. While they were still shocked, Jake turned to the four party members of Ell’Hakan, who all stood there, looking perplexed.</p>
<p class="class_s9">"I do wish you four luck. You will need it, seeing as you chose to follow the vision of a coward who can’t even see the one he proclaims to be his fated enemy when he stands right in front of his eyes."</p>
<p class="class_s9">With those words, Jake turned to leave, and the Sword Saint looked at Ell’Hakan one more time before bowing. "A pleasure."</p>
<p class="class_s9">As the old man followed after Jake, they heard a yell from behind.<span class="class_s70m"> "Wait—"</span> Ell’Hakan tried.</p>
<p class="class_s9"><span class="class_s70m">"Just stop,"</span> Jake, infused with his Willpower, bellowed. "<span class="class_s70m">I don’t care about your words. Speak with your actions."</span></p>
<p class="class_s9">With those words, Jake strode off with the Sword Saint walking tall beside him, not looking back. A sliver of doubt as to whether he had done <span id="page_574"></span>the right thing crept up in his mind, but Jake squashed it the instant it appeared, as he knew it was a feeble attempt by the other Chosen.</p>
<p class="class_s9">Ell’Hakan’s Bloodline hadn’t evolved, and Jake had also confirmed one more crucial thing.</p>
<p class="class_s9">He was legitimately afraid of fighting Jake. Afraid of killing him. He was looking for a way to spin the story and turn Jake to his side against the Viper. Without realizing it, his recent stunt, which gave him the support of several major factions rivaling for surpassing the Order, had given Ell’Hakan and Yip pause when it came to acting against Jake. Moreover, they seemed to genuinely think they could turn Jake into a heretic… not knowing he already was one.</p>
<p class="class_s9">Jake wasn’t a schemer… but even he knew how to take advantage of someone acting on faulty information.</p>
<p class="class_s9">Meeting Ell’Hakan had been a risk. No doubt about it. But for the first time, he’d walked away with the last say, and his doubts and curiosity were laid to rest, allowing him to focus on what truly mattered:</p>
<p class="class_s9">Actually doing the damn Nevermore dungeon.</p>
<p class="class_s9">He just hoped his party members hadn’t gotten up to any trouble while he and the Sword Saint faced off against another Chosen.</p>
<div style="float: none; margin: 10px 0px 10px 0px; text-align: center;"><p><a href="https://oceanofpdf.com"><i>OceanofPDF.com</i></a></p></div></body>
</html>
