<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>part0002</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../page_styles.css"/>
</head>
  <body class="class1">
<p class="class_su">THE PRIMAL HUNTER 9</p>
<p class="class_sw">©2024 ZOGARTH</p>
<p class="class_sy"><span class="class_s70h">This book is protected under the copyright laws of the United States of America. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form or by any means, without the prior permission in writing of the publisher, nor be otherwise circulated in any form of binding or cover other than that in which it is published and without a similar condition including this condition being imposed on the subsequent purchaser. Any reproduction or unauthorized use of the material or artwork contained herein is prohibited without the express written permission of the authors.</span></p>
<p class="class_s"><span class="class_s70h">Aethon Books supports the right to free expression and the value of copyright. The purpose of copyright is to encourage writers and artists to produce the creative works that enrich our culture.</span></p>
<p class="class_s"><span class="class_s70h">The scanning, uploading, and distribution of this book without permission is a theft of the author’s intellectual property. If you would like to use material from the book (other than for review purposes), please contact </span><a href="mailto:editor@aethonbooks.com" class="class_s70f"><span class="class_s70h">editor@aethonbooks.com</span></a><span class="class_s70h">. Thank you for your support of the author’s rights.</span></p>
<p class="class_s1"><span class="class_s70h">Aethon Books</span></p>
<p class="class_s2"><span class="class_s70h">www.aethonbooks.com</span></p>
<p class="class_sy"><span class="class_s70h">Print and eBook design and formatting by Josh Hayes. Artwork provided by Antti Hakosaari.</span></p>
<p class="class_s"><span class="class_s70h">Published by Aethon Books LLC.</span></p>
<p class="class_s"><span class="class_s70h">Aethon Books is not responsible for websites (or their content) that are not owned by the publisher.</span></p>
<p class="class_s3"><span class="class_s70h">This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, or persons, living or dead is coincidental.</span></p>
<p class="class_s"><span class="class_s70h">All rights reserved.</span></p>
<div style="float: none; margin: 10px 0px 10px 0px; text-align: center;"><p><a href="https://oceanofpdf.com"><i>OceanofPDF.com</i></a></p></div></body>
</html>
