<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css"/>
<title>part0005</title>
</head>
<body class="class-7">
<div class="class_s78-2"><h1 class="heading_s76">Previously on the Primal Hunter</h1></div>
<p class="class_s7A-2"><span class="class_s7A-0">J</span>ake, reveling in his newfound power after his evolution to D-grade, did what any reasonable person would do: he went on a monkey genocide in the local forest. Poo-flinging monkeys, mind you, so his level-up spree was totally justified.</p>
<p class="class_s7C-3">In the depths of monkey territory, he encounters a variant of these monkeys called a Prima, proving far more powerful than any beast he had previously encountered. After a tough fight with a monkey using time magic, he finally gets one over his opponent and slays it. After defeating the Prima, it dropped something called a Key Fragment of the Exalted Prima that will grant access to a place called the Seat of the Exalted Prima once he forms a full key. Totally not important in later books, I am sure.</p>
<p class="class_s7C-3">After this, he also explored the area the monkeys once occupied. Within a temple guarded by this Prima, he discovered a time banana musa.</p>
<p class="class_s7C-3">Okay, so, important sidenote here. It is a common misconception that bananas grow on trees, but in actuality, they grow on something within the musa genus. These are a form of plant that can sometimes grow as tall as trees but are not considered <span id="page_2"/>trees, despite something like a banana plant being able to grow over a dozen meters tall. A way to distinguish a musa from a tree is that their ”stems” are not woody, making them herbaceous plants. The genus of musa was originally named by Carl Linnaeus in 1753, and… oh wait, this is a summary. Search up the rest yourself (after reading this book, of course). Anyway, yes, this was an essential part of the recap.</p>
<p class="class_s7C-3">Back to the boring part, Jake decides to transport this time banana tree-that-is-not-a-tree back to Haven by lifting it. Quite a difficult and time-consuming task as he has to lift up the entire area surrounding it to make sure the transportation goes well, which does result in him nearly missing this tiny little thing called the World Congress.</p>
<p class="class_s7C-3">An event that begins right after he gets back.</p>
<p class="class_s7C-3">Miranda (the City Leader that Jake delegated pretty much all his responsibilities to), Jake, and two others head off to the World Congress as the system teleports them there.</p>
<p class="class_s7C-3">In the World Congress, Jake reconvenes with friends and family he hasn’t seen in far too long. He also finally meets the other influential people and factions of Earth. The Holy Church, led by Jacob from Jake’s very own Tutorial. Jake’s brother, Caleb, the leader of the Court of Shadows on Earth; Carmen from Valhal, a primarily human-focused mercenary faction, the Risen, with Casper as one of their leaders, another friend from the Tutorial. He also encounters another person with a Bloodline called Eron, who Jake honestly can’t get a read on, and whom we have seen little of before this book, but he will be in this book and has a role to play, so I feel it pertinent to mention him. And, last but not least, the Sword Saint, leader of the Noboru Clan, a native faction of Earth and the second faction on Earth to obtain a Pylon of Civilization and create a city.</p>
<p class="class_s7C-3">Politics ensues as Jake does all he can to avoid it while catching up with everyone he knows. Still, he cannot avoid it all.</p>
<p class="class_s7C-3">Three votes take place during this World Congress. The first <span id="page_3"/>is a vote for World Leader, but seeing as this is the first time all the factions meet and quite a few of them don’t exactly like each other, no one is elected for this. The second vote pertains to a system store that will help boost Earth by allowing them to buy different goods using Credits – the system-bound currency of the multiverse. This vote revolves around what this store will provide, and after Jake is forced to decide a tiebreaker with a coin toss (Politics 100 move right there), the store ends up selling Foodstuffs, Ores and Metals, and Herbs.</p>
<p class="class_s7C-3">The third and final vote was to select a system event Earth would be able to experience. This vote ends up landing on an event called the Treasure Hunt… also known as the subject of book five of the Primal Hunter.</p>
<p class="class_s7C-3">At the very end of the World Congress, Jake also speaks with someone who is acquainted with the beloved character William, and he finds out the dude apparently has PTSD after getting killed by Jake in the first book.</p>
<p class="class_s7C-3">Speaking of William, we also had a nice POV of him returning to Earth and meeting up with a woman who used to work as his psychiatrist. William then proceeds to protect her and help some people claim a Pylon. Sadly, he has no presence in this book, something I am sure will disappoint the majority of you.</p>
<p class="class_s7C-3">Back with Jake, he gets a new weapon from Arnold (the tech guy at the Fort close to Haven) and decides now is a good time to explore the dungeon revealed after he killed the D-grade mushroom below Haven. And what does he find in this dungeon?</p>
<p class="class_s7C-3">Mushrooms. A whole lot of mushrooms. Also, some Deepdweller creatures live in this place called the Undergrowth, and there is this troll with three kid trolls Jake becomes friendly with. At the very end, he encounters some facility created by the Altmar Empire, an elven faction some people may remember as the makers of his cauldron.</p>
<p class="class_s7C-3">After a fight against a golem borderline immune to most <span id="page_4"/>of Jake’s attacks, he finally wins and ends up getting rewarded with an awesome ring giving a shitload of stats. The ring also functions as a tool for the Altmar Empire to identify talented individuals across the multiverse.</p>
<p class="class_s7C-3">Shortly after getting back from the Dungeon, Jake meets up with a few people of note. One of them is once more Arnold, who he gives the Altmar Golem. A golem Jake totally didn’t steal from the dungeon despite the projection of one of the dungeon creators begging him not to.</p>
<p class="class_s7C-3">Jake also goes to a leatherworker who points out that a lot of her materials come from monkey bodies found dead in the forest nearby while questioning what kind of moron doesn’t even bother storing the corpses. This is what is known as me, the author, recognizing that Jake not properly looting most of what he kills is pretty damn wasteful. Something he will continue to not do even after this moment, and just know that your suffering as you complain only brings me happiness.</p>
<p class="class_s7C-3">Another person Jake meets is a man called Felix, a sculptor living in Haven who joined a faction known as the Primordial Church.</p>
<p class="class_s7C-3">Now, what is the Primordial Church, you might ask? Well, I hope a lot of you won’t ask, as I hope you still remember what happened in book four (it was only three months ago, man). Anyway, to recap, the members of the Primordial Church are peak-level fanatics who venerate the Primordials to a frankly unhealthy level. This means that once Felix finds out Jake is the Chosen of the Malefic Viper, he kinda goes wild, and the leader of the Primordial Church, the Eternal Servant, even momentarily possesses his body to fanboy a bit.</p>
<p class="class_s7C-3">The sculptor naturally wants to make a sculpture of the Malefic Viper with input from Jake, but Jake doesn’t really have any ideas but just makes some random mana constructs as he thinks… and the sculptor sees one of these and decides that must be the will of the Chosen. So definitely look forward to se<span id="page_5"/>eing the reveal of the sculpture in another five books or so (you may think this is a joke, and if you do, you would be wrong).</p>
<p class="class_s7C-3">Jake then does some alchemy and stuff before a visitor by the name of Sultan arrives at Haven. A powerful man and a slimy merchant, he attempts to get in Jake’s good graces but ends up pissing him off due to his flaunting of slaves, who were all former criminals. Eventually, this merchant still reaches an agreement with Haven and is allowed to stay, though only after Jake kills a few of his slaves, who he deems irredeemable. It is also made clear Sultan is on thin ice, and he is punished with one of the evilest things in the world - higher taxes. Frankly, Sultan survived only because he proved himself useful by selling Jake some highly valuable items, including a bow and an item he could use to upgrade his magnificent boots.</p>
<p class="class_s7C-3">After meeting with Sultan, Jake heads back and continues doing his alchemy, focusing on elixirs while also eating magical time bananas for extra Agility.</p>
<p class="class_s7C-3">Elsewhere, the hawk family that consists of Hawkie, Mystie, and Sylphie (10/10 names right there) is out fighting a bunch of eagles when Sylphie gets overeager and ends up attracting the attention of another Prima variant. The three hawks get in quite a precarious situation, but Jake is fast enough to get there and deliver a good smackdown on the eagle that dared attack his bird friends. Also nets him a second Prima Key Fragment.</p>
<p class="class_s7C-3">Sylphie realizes she needs to get stronger after her near-death experience and quickly progresses. She eventually ends up meeting Stormild, a Primordial that the Malefic Viper convinced to look her way. Stormild, a chaotic living storm of lighting, wind, and fire, ends up Blessing Sylphie after a tough round of negotiation, giving her a special skill called a Union Oath. She uses this Oath on Jake, forming a special bond between them that will allow Sylphie to attend the Treasure Hunt event, something otherwise only intended for humanity. This bond does end up fragile and with a limited duration due to the Viper’s <span id="page_6"/>interference in the middle of the ritual, but it still works for what they want to achieve.</p>
<p class="class_s7C-3">Jake then proceeds to make his final preparations, including getting another upgraded sword from Arnold and stocking up on everything he could need. Across the world, humanity is gathered in their cities, and all the factions and elites prepare to enter the Treasure Hunt ahead of them.</p>
<p class="class_s7C-3">With new equipment, poisons, potions galore, and a bird friend to enter with, Jake is as ready as the Treasure Hunt soon arrives - a system event that surely won’t last an entire book, right?</p>
<p class="class_s7C-3">… right?</p>
</body>
</html>